((Shooting Ranges, Gun Rental Charlotte NC | The Range at Lake Norman)((Skip to content)(Menu Home Contact Hours FaceBook F.A.Q. Calendar Shoot with us Lane reservations Personal instruction Memberships Membership Levels Range Rules Ammo policy Daily Rates Rental firearms The Simulator Parties & Events Ladies night Try a Firearm Competitive Shooting Firearm Sales and Transfers Purchase a firearm Firearms Consultation Transfers NFA Devices Exchange Program Safes About Gunsmithing and Restoration Gun Services What People are Saying Helpful Links Cart State of the Art Indoor Shooting Range The Range at Lake Norman, the Charlotte areas Premier NSSF Five Star Shooting range, is a state of the art indoor firearms shooting range and training center located in Cornelius, NC.We offer indoor shooting ranges for rifles, pistols and shotguns. Our lanes are all video monitored and climate controlled, offering a comfortable shooting environment. We offer the most technologically advanced and cleanest gun range in North Carolina by having implemented a state of the art air handling system, our triple filter system ensures that the quality of air you breathe in the range is safe and properly filtered. Our 15 shooting lanes are broken down into two bays. Bay 1 consists of 6-25 yard rifle rated lanes; Bay 2 consists of 9-25 yard pistol rated lanes. Rifle, Shotgun and Muzzleloader shooters are always welcomed too. Our facility is equipped with the TI Systems simulator, a state of the art classroom, a professionally decorated members lounge and public wi-fi throughout. We are open 7 days a week to the general public, and offer memberships as well. Come in and visit our staff and facility and see how The Range provides the ultimate shooting experience. Hours of operation: 11 am. 8 pm. Monday Saturday 1 pm. 6 pm. Sunday Accept Credit Cards Events Calendar July 2020 S M T W T F S 28 29 30 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 1 Sat 11 Concealed Weapons Permit Class July 11 @ 9:00 AM - 5:00 PM Tue 14 Action Pistol July 14 @ 6:00 PM - 8:00 PM Wed 15 USCCA Gun Cleaning class July 15 @ 6:00 PM - 7:30 PM Thu 16 USPSA Competition July 16 @ 6:00 PM - 8:00 PM Fri 17 Try a firearm July 17 @ 5:00 PM - 8:00 PM Cart Range Info10913 Bailey Rd Cornelius, NC 28031 Phone - 704-895-3155 Hours - Tue-Sat 11-7 Sun 1-6 email us 2020 Shooting Ranges, Gun Rental Charlotte NC | The Range at Lake Norman Powered by GeneratePress WP Like Button Plugin by Free WordPress Templates)))->5
((Salon de Toilettage Felinus Montral / Felinus Cat Grooming Salon Montreal)(Salon pour chats Tonte Toilettage Produits Accessoires 3554 Notre-Dame ouest Montral, Qc H4C 1P4 prs du March Atwater Lionel-Groulx 514 931-3310 proposde nous Services &produits Pour nous joindre Les amis deFelinus English Salon de toilettage pour chats Felinus Saviez-vous qu\il existe ici, Montral, un salon de toilettage pour chats seulement? Soyez assurs que votre chat sera trait avec l\amour et l\attention auxquels nous savons il s\attend! Cliquez ici pour connatrenos coordonnes ! Rencontrez quelques-uns denos clients satisfaits ! 2009 Toilettage Felinus Inc. Page d\accueil propos de nous Services & produits Pour nous joindre Nos amis Liens English Site))->0
(( Home Renovations and Repairs Phoenix, AZ | Home | Use My Guy Services)((Skip to Content)(chevron-left chevron-right chevron-up chevron-right chevron-left arrow-back star phone quote checkbox-checked search wrench info shield play connection mobile coin-dollar spoon-knife ticket pushpin location gift fire feed bubbles home heart calendar price-tag credit-card clock envelop facebook instagram twitter youtube pinterest yelp google reddit linkedin envelope bbb pinterest homeadvisor angies Corona Virus Update Call Now For A Free Estimate 602-316-9187 menu What We Do Kitchen Remodel Bathroom Remodel Plumbing Services & Repair Electrical Services Outdoor Services Home Embellishments FINANCING Promotions About Us Contact Us Testimonials Blog Leave a Review What We Doshow submenu Kitchen Remodel Bathroom Remodel Plumbing Services & Repair Electrical Services Outdoor Services Home Embellishments FINANCING Promotions About Us Contact Us Testimonials Blog Leave a Review Where your renovation is our dedication Contact Us)(PROFESSIONAL HOME RENOVATIONS AND REPAIRS IN PHOENIX, AZ Use My Guy Services is a family-owned and operated business, in the heart of the East Valley. We have been a local resident and business since our inception in 2011. We are founded on the commitment to serve our neighbors and support the growth of other local businesses as we grow. As a licensed general contractor we provide high-quality service backed by over 35 years of experience in our industry. We specialize in bathroom and kitchen remodels and provide many more home improvement services including electrical, plumbing, drywall repair, water heater replacement and painting. We take care of all your home improvement, renovation, and repair needs. When we do work in your home, we treat it like our home. That means when we do a job, we do it right the first time and we guarantee our work. Turn your Honey-Do list into a Honey Done list with Use My Guy Services. We are proud to be a licensed general contractor AZ ROC# 317939 Contact Us)(Our Services Kitchen Remodel Bathroom Remodel Plumbing Services & Repair Electrical Services Outdoor Services Home Embellishments Contact Us Phoenix, AZs Premier Contractors Use My Guy Services is your local home improvement experts serving clients from Phoenix to Apache Junction, Queen Creek to Scottsdale and the surrounding areas. We are a licensed and insured general contractor. Our specialty teams take care of everything from the ceiling to the floor and a whole lot more. Our areas of expertise include plumbing, electrical, tub or shower replacement, backsplash installation, water heater service and replacement, drywall repair, and painting. When the decor is appealing and the fixtures are functional, a residence is more pleasant to retire to after a long day. We strive to create comfort and peace of mind by turning your home into a place of solace. Contact us today to discuss your needs! Use My Guy Services can take care of every area that requires repair or renovation. Check out our complete list of services to see all that our professional home improvement experts can take care of inside and outside of your home. Learn More Integrity and Higher Standards Our standard is to treat your home like our own. That means that we intend to provide a finished product, inside and out, that exceeds what we would expect in our own home. All of our work is guaranteed. If our work is not completed correctly we believe in restoring integrity with our customers by returning to redress any errors. Our high standards of service have earned us dozens of 5-star reviews on Yelp, an A+ rating from The Better Business Bureau, a 2015 Super Service Award from Angies List, and the Small Business of the Year Award from The Queen Creek Chamber of Commerce. We recognize that it is by making your satisfaction our highest priority that we have received these and many other acknowledgments of our service. The highest recognition we receive is from our customers who invite us back for their next project and refer us to their family and friends. Contact Us Customer Reviews I called Use my Guy Services to fix a leaking shower though the wall . I was able to secure services within days. On the day of my appointment, I received numerous text messages informing me of my technician arrival status. Upon arrival, he quickly evaluated the task at hand, made a recommendation to fix and we scheduled a follow on appointment. On the day of my work, I again received numerous emails on the status of his arrival. The technician quickly fixed my roble, they were highly professional, efficient, friendly and answer all my questions. I would recommend Use My Guy Services. Sam Sebring, 02/20/2019 "Use My Guys," was professional and competent from beginning to end. The diverse repairs were completed in a timely fashion with Josh and Jacob accompanied by a drywall expert who all did a great job and were pleasant to be around. I would definitely recommend the company to my friends. Susan Stockton, 04/20/2019 We used their service to have shutters removed and reinstalled for a window replacement. The team that showed up was courteous, professional, and completed the job as discussed. The attention to detail was great. I would use them again. Warren Wasescha, 04/20/2019 Everyone was so polite and professional! He was quick fixing my linking sink and garbage disposal! We were right in the middle of making a wedding cake when the sink flooded! Will definitely use them again! Thank you!!!! Cindy Bousquet, 04/20/2019 I love using "My Guy Services". They are like family to us. We count on them for repairs that we cannot do on our own. They are the best. Ron Adams, 03/20/2019 Fast dispatch, great repair, good price. Wouldn hesitate to use them again or refer my friends and family. Thank You! Samantha McCanless, 05/20/2019 Came the days they said they would and charged what we were quoted. They responded quickly when we had questions. Appreciated the prompt scheduling of the repairs also. Janelle Thompson, 02/20/2019 I have "used" UMGS twice now after moving to a new house... Great service by really decent people, always on time, good prices. I will continue to use them in the future! Mark Ennamorato, 02/20/2019 The technician was prompt and very friendly. He did a great job and cleaned up after. The quality of workmanship was excellent. Was notified before he arrived and given pictures of a person coming. I appreciated that. Great service would use again and recommend to others. T Johnson, 10/20/2018 Renewal by Anderson sent a Use My Guy repairman out to install some tile to resolve an installation issue left by their guys. He did an excellent job and pointed out I had two different finishes on the spare tile leftover from the previous owners. I\ll definitely give them a try on a few other projects that are beyond what I can do. Shannon Shaneyfelt, 09/20/2018 The workers were great, showed up on time and fished the job hired for in a professional manner. Cleaned up afterward to where you didn even know they were there. Would recommend the company for any job needed. Dale Gelder, 11/20/2018 Josh and Ben quickly and professionally replaced my high ceiling bedroom ceiling fan. They retrofit the wireless control into the new fan and everything is like new again. I\ll keep their phone number on my contact list for future repairs and improvements. David Kankelfritz, 09/20/2018 The Use My Guy Service people were knowledgeable and efficient. They came on time, worked quickly and carefully and even gave me advice on a problem I needed to solve related to my project. All this and friendly, too! I plan to use them again in the future, and I highly recommend them! Vicki Hartford, 10/20/2018 I love these guys! They are on point, send reminders, communicate progress, and clean up. I don even consider using anyone else and refer them often. Lora Vance, 10/20/2018 Great team to work with. Finished the job quick and easy. Cleaned up and even disposed of materials they weren responsible for. Would definitely use again Jaron Warner, 07/20/2018 More Reviews Use My Guy Services 602-316-9187 Hours of Operation Monday: 8:00 AM 4:00 PM Tuesday: 8:00 AM 4:00 PM Wednesday: 8:00 AM 4:00 PM Thursday: 8:00 AM 4:00 PM Friday: 8:00 AM 4:00 PM Serving Scottsdale Tempe Queen Creek Chandler Gilbert Mesa Phoenix Arizona First Name * RequiredLast Name * RequiredPhone * RequiredEmail * Required AddressCityZip CodeStart Date - must be mm/dd/yyyy format Subscribe to Our Monthly Newsletter Want 10% off of your first service call AND access to great monthly deals? Subscribe to our monthly newsletter and get the latest exclusive coupons and deals. For subscribers only How can we help you? * Required1 + 1 = * RequiredCAPTCHANameThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. This iframe contains the logic required to handle Ajax powered Gravity Forms. Back to the top 602-316-9187 Contact Us Areas of Service Scottsdale Tempe Chandler Gilbert Mesa Phoenix Arizona Paradise Valley Queen Creek Members Of Accredited Better Business Bureau Small Business Alliance Mesa and Queen Creek Chambers BNI Arizona Contractors License ROC 317939 Home What We Do Project Gallery Financing Promotions About Us Contact Us Leave a Review Join the Team 2020 Use My Guy Services. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Sitemap)))->0
((Home - Oasis Auto CenterOasis Auto Center)((Pages Navigation Menu Home Services Coupons Testimonials Contact Us)( Welcome to Oasis Auto Center! Thank you for taking the time to visit our website. Oasis Auto Center is a family-owned-and-operated, full-service automotive repair and maintenance shop. With locations in both Tempe, AZ and Gilbert, AZ we have been servicing the east valley for over 20 years. About Us Request Appointment! Request Appointment now! Request Appointment Our Technicians Are ASE Certified. We are dedicated to providing you with the best quality repair to your vehicle. Our Services We have 2 locations to best serve you. In Tempe, AZ and Gilbert, AZ . Please Contact Us Now! Contact Us Sure Critic Reviews No Appointment Required! Our Address 1835 E Guadalupe Rd Tempe, AZ 85283 480 491-2022 Monday - Friday: 7 a.m. - 6 p.m. Saturday: 7 a.m. - 3 p.m. Our Second Location:1720 W Elliot Rd. Ste 105 Gilbert, AZ 85233 480 777-1042 Auto Service News Check out our Automotive News Page! Social Links: Payments: Visa, MasterCard, Discover, American Express Our Affiliations: < < 2014 Mitchell1)))->7
(( Contact Junction Tire | Tires & Auto Repair Shop in Mesa, AZ)(Tires Search Tires By Vehicle Or Size Auto & Tire Services Tire Services Auto Services Schedule Appointment Offers Tire Offers Service Offers Financing About Us Our Team Goodyear TSN News Reviews Careers TSN Warranty Contact Us Find Us Junction Tire 6910 E Southern AvenueMesa, AZ 85209480-981-3516 Home About Contact Us Promotions Shop Tires Services Junction Tire Store Manager: Guy and Mary Norton Service Manager: Bill Fowler Phone: 480 981-3516 Phone: 480 981-3516 6910 E Southern Avenue Mesa, AZ 85209 Fax: 480 641-8803 Email: tires@junctiontire.net We are a family owned and operated business that has been servicing our community since 1991 and still rolling strong. We are located on the North East corner of Power Road and Southern Avenue in East Mesa. Store Details Directions Store Services Your Location: GO Loading... Tires Have you checked your tires lately? They may need replacing. Find new tires to fit your vehicle with our tire finder. Learn More A/C and Heating Repair Your cars heating and A/C should be checked seasonally to keep your automobile comfortable in any weather condition. Learn More Air Filter Replacement Air filter replacement is an important part of regular vehicle maintenance and should be replaced about every 3,000 to 15,000 miles. Learn More Battery Replacement Your cars battery should be examined and maintained to guarantee the performance of your automobiles electrical system. Learn More Belt & Hose Replacement Regular replacement of your vehicles belts and hoses could conserve time and money over the life of your automobile. Learn More Brake Service Frequent inspection is a vital factor in the reliability and resilience of your brake system. Learn More View All Services Additional Services A/C and Heating Repair Air Filter Replacement Battery Replacement Belt & Hose Replacement Brake Service Driveline Repair Electrical Systems Engine Repair Flat Tire Repair Headlight Restoration Monthly Checklist Oil Change Preventative Maintenance Radiator Repair Steering and Suspension TPMS Service Tire Balancing Tire Installation Tire Rotation Transmission Service Tune-Up Wheel Alignments Windshield Wiper Blades Our Hours OPEN NOW 7:30am 1:00 PM STORE HOURS Mon. 7:30AM 5:00 PM Tue. 7:30AM 5:00 PM Wed. 7:30AM 5:00 PM Thu. 7:30AM 5:00 PM Fri. 7:30AM 5:00 PM Sat. 7:30am 1:00 PM Sun. CLOSED Schedule an Appointment Request a Quote Store Amenities Independently Owned & Operated Overnight Drop-Off Accepts Goodyear Credit Card Performance Tire Specialist Available Shuttle Or Vehicle Pickup Wi-Fi In Waiting Room Free Refreshments Connect with our store Featured Offers Goodyear Tire Rebates - $100 Plus An Added Bonus of up to $100 More* when you use the Goodyear Credit Card. By online or mail-in rebate. Rebates paid by Goodyear Prepaid Mastercard on purchases made from July 1 to September 30, 2020. goodyear-tire-rebates-100 Email | Print + Details & Restrictions | Expires: 07/31/2020 Goodyear Tire Rebates - $100 Plus An Added Bonus of up to $100 More* when you use the Goodyear Credit Card. By online or mail-in rebate. Rebates paid by Goodyear Prepaid Mastercard on purchases made from July 1 to September 30, 2020. Goodyear Credit Card Goodyear Credit Card goodyear-credit-card Email | Print Expires: 07/31/2020 View all offers Independently owned and operated. Tire Brands Goodyear Dunlop Kelly View All Credit Financing Our Company Contact Us About Us Contact Our Team Careers News Reviews Survey Sitemap Offers & Specials Tire Offers Service Offers Services A/C and Heating Repair Battery Replacement Brake Service Engine Repair Oil Change Wheel Alignments Contact Us Junction Tire 6910 E Southern Avenue Mesa, AZ 85209 480-981-3516 480-981-3516 View Location Stay Connected Legal Terms of Use Privacy Policy TSN Warranty Show Legal Disclaimers: Rebates, etc Hide Disclaimer and Rebate Info *Mail-in or online rebate for a Goodyear Prepaid Mastercard valid on purchases made from July 1 to September 30, 2020. Limit one 1 mail-in or online rebate per qualifying purchase, per visit. Limit one 1 rebate form per tire purchase, per envelope. Limit four 4 rebates per individual consumer per promotion period. Offers available only at authorized participating U.S. Goodyear Retailers and websites. Offer valid only for U.S. residents who are individual consumers with mailing addresses in the U.S. and U.S. territories. Commercial fleets are not eligible for these rebates. Not valid on previous purchases. Rebates are on a set of four tires. If your vehicle requires six tires, rebates are available on a prorated basis for the two additional tires. The prorated rebate amount, per additional tire, is 25% of the rebate amount listed above. The minimum purchase is a set of four tires, and the maximum purchase is six tires per invoice. Purchases made on the Goodyear Credit Card are subject to credit approval. WITH THE PURCHASE OF A SET OF 4 OF THE FOLLOWING TIRES: Get up to $100 back by online or mail-in rebate on a qualifying purchase of a set of 4 select Goodyear tires with any form of payment method; plus get an added rebate of up to $100 more when the purchase is made on the Goodyear Credit Card. Subject to credit approval. Get a $100 Prepaid Card with purchase or $200 Prepaid Card with purchase on the Goodyear Credit Card of: Assurance WeatherReady, Eagle Exhilarate, Eagle F1 SuperCar Family, Wrangler All-Terrain Adventure with Kevlar, and Wrangler DuraTrac. Get a $75 Prepaid Card with purchase or $150 Prepaid Card with purchase on the Goodyear Credit Card of: Assurance ComforTred Touring, Assurance MaxLife, Eagle F1 Family, Eagle Sport All-Season Family, and Wrangler Fortitude HT, excluding C-Type. Get a $50 Prepaid Card with purchase or $100 Prepaid Card with purchase on the Goodyear Credit Card of: Assurance All-Season, Kelly Edge MT, and Wrangler TrailRunner AT. Base portion of rebate offered by Goodyear, and bonus portion of rebate offered by Citibank, N.A. The Goodyear Credit Card is issued by Citibank, N.A. Completed rebate forms must be postmarked or submitted online no later than 10/31/20. Invoice must have eligible tire name and proof of purchase on Goodyear Credit Card when applicable clearly indicated. Online purchases must include copy of the online purchase invoice and the installation invoice from authorized Goodyear Retailer. Allow 6 to 8 weeks for Prepaid Card delivery. Goodyear reserves the right to substitute a check of equal value in lieu of a Prepaid Card at its discretion. For additional questions, or to check the status of your rebate, you may visit www.GoodyearTireRebates.com or call the Goodyear Rebate Customer Service at 1-844-539-5503 weekdays, 8 a.m. to 8 p.m. ET; Saturday 8 a.m. to 1 p.m. ET. Fraudulent submissions will not be honored and may be prosecuted. Sponsor is not responsible for noncomplying rebate submissions or for lost, late, illegible, postage-due or undeliverable mail. Noncomplying rebate submissions will not be honored, acknowledged or returned. Not valid on previous purchases. Void where taxed, restricted or prohibited by law. All decisions made by Goodyear or its authorized representatives relating to the validity of any submissions are final and binding. This promotion is subject to all federal, state, and local laws and regulations. Retain copies of the materials you submit. Additional terms and conditions apply. Ask participating retailer for complete details and rebate form. Rebate paid in the form of a Goodyear Prepaid Mastercard. This Prepaid Card is issued by Sunrise Banks N.A., Member FDIC, pursuant to a license from Mastercard International Incorporated. Mastercard is a registered trademark of Mastercard International Incorporated. This Prepaid Card may be used everywhere Mastercard debit cards are accepted. Registration, activation, acceptance, or use of this Prepaid Card constitutes acceptance of the terms and conditions stated in the Prepaid Card Agreement. Prepaid Cards will not have cash access and expire after 6 months, and other terms, conditions, and fees may apply. See Prepaid Card for details. Each time you use the Prepaid Card, the amount of the transaction will be deducted from the amount of your available balance. Prepaid Card will be issued in the name on the redemption form only. Prepaid Card valid for 6 months, subject to applicable law. Prepaid Card is non-transferable and non-refundable. Goodyear is not affiliated with Mastercard. To check the balance of your Prepaid Card or receive the terms and conditions, visit login.wirecard.com/goodyearrebates or call 1-800-522-7458. DuPont and Kevlar are trademarks or registered trademarks of E.I. du Pont de Nemours and Company used under license by The Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company and affiliates. 2020 The Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company. All rights reserved. Scroll to Top Accessibility Powered by Get Quote Thank you for your quote request. A representative will get back to you shortly. For immediate assistance please call . Contact Info Name* Phone* Email* Vehicle Info Year* Make* Model* Option Comments * Required Field))->7
((Website Disabled)(Sorry,thesiteyourequestedhasbeendisabled))->8
((#1 Choice for Fitness & MMA in Etobicoke /GTA)((416.503.1600 INFO@XTREMECOUTURE.CA FOLLOW US ON ENTER FITNESS YES! Were open 24 hours a day ENTER MMA Toronto largest training facility/gym for fitness & mixed martial arts MMA SUCCESS STORIES: You can be the next success story! Some clubs claim to change lives. We prove it! Come and see all the lives that have been positively impacted by the Xtreme Couture team. MIXED MARTIAL ARTS MMA : No Experience Necessary! Learn from World Champions and Pro MMA Fighters. Enjoy Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu BJJ , Muay Thai Thai Boxing , Boxing, Kickboxing, Wrestling. Learn self-defense and have a great physical workout or train to be a champion one day. The choice is yours and the possibilities are endless! PERSONAL TRAINING: Become a better version of yourself. Our industry-leading fitness professionals will provide you with the structure, guidance and accountability you need to reach all your health and fitness goals. We specialize in weight loss, muscle and strength-building, contest preparation, body building, rehabilitation, Olympic lifting, functional training and sport-specific conditioning. PRIVATE COACHING: Learn MMA skills from world-class coaches. Want to learn faster? Got a busy schedule? Private & semi-private sessions are available in all disciplines of MMA. We will work around your schedule and provide you with accountability and intense motivation. Master new skills and experience the fitness level of a fighter. PERSONAL FITNESS: Energizing atmosphere, great equipment, fun classes and expert advice. People go to gyms to exercise; they come to Xtreme Couture to get results! Our fitness section consists of free weights, resistance equipment, cardio, kettlebells, yoga, zumba, bootcamp, endurance cycling, cross training and more. Were your one-stop shop! XTREME KIDS CORNER:Give your kids a fighting chance! Your children burn off their pent-up energy and improve their health and fitness level. We make exercise and learning self-defense fun while helping to teach your children discipline and raise their confidence. Classes start from ages 5+. Participate in any combination of Boxing, Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, Muay Thai and Wrestling. CORPORATE WELLNESS: Xtreme your Team! Improve your business by getting your employees in shape, both physically and mentally. Fit employees will be more productive, require less sick time and enjoy a greater sense of job satisfaction. We will provide your company with group membership and training discounts, team building events, lunch and learn seminars and much more. XTREME CHILD MINDING: Enjoy your workout while your kids play! Our child care professionals will take care of your babies and kids in the child minding center. You just need to focus on your training! CLINICAL SERVICES: Repair and prevent injuries to keep your results coming! Come visit our complete onsite Health Clinic. We offer Physiotherapy, Massage, Osteopathy, Kinesiology, Acupuncture and Stretch Therapy. All major health benefit providers are accepted. HOT YOGA:Stretch, Sweat and Promote Optimal Mobility! Let the warmth of our premium infrared heaters relax your muscles, providing you with an uplifting physical and mental workout experience. Xtreme Couture 700 Kipling Avenue, Etobicoke, ON M8Z 5G3 416.503.1600)( Coronavirus update Contacting Us... Due to technical issues, our phones lines will be out of service until Tuesday January 21st between 5 and 9pm. Please contact us via social media or email at info@xtemecouture.ca Sorry for this inconvenience. CLOSE *** LIVE BOXING!!! CLOSE test something goes here. CLOSE Free Trial Fitness 7 Day FREEAll Access Pass Download Your Pass Now CLOSE Opened 24 hours)))->1
(( Chinook Landscaping Calgary - Multi award winning Landscaping Calgary Specialists - Chinook Landscaping Calgary)((Chinook Landscaping and Design Landscaping Calgary Specialists Calgary, Alberta 403-452-8552 Mon-Fri 8:00 AM- 5:00 PM. MENU HomeServicesLandscape designStoneworkPaving stonesArchitectural SlabsMowing PaversNatural Stone LandscapingRetaining WallsCourtyard StonePatios and FirepitsNatural StoneFire pits and PlantersNatural Stone WallsCourtyard StoneWoodworkArbors, Pergolas and Privacy ScreensFences and decksPlantingsTree and Shrub PlantingsKentucky Bluegrass SodSpecialty LandscapingOutdoor KitchensPondless WaterfallsVinyl FencesGarden Bed EdgingMulch productsConcrete CurbingUnderground SprinklersLandscape LightingLandscaping InfoChinook Landscaping In The MediaLandscaping TipsGrow your own organic vegetables in CalgaryContainer Gardening in CalgaryOystershell scaleFire pit design ideasCommon Landscaping MistakesFall Watering is Very ImportantWintering Trees and ShrubsWhat Does Landscaping Cost in Calgary?Budgeting For Your LandscapingLandscaping Calgary AwardsFertilizing Your LawnFront Walkway IdeasWatering Spruce trees and EvergreensCalgary Strawberry GardensLandscaping ProcessLandscaping SchedulesLandscape Design ComponentsLow Maintenance landscaping for CalgaryChinook Landscaping WarrantyLandscaping Calgary ReviewsAlternative LandscapingYard Pests Good GuysPlantings and lawn careNew Sod CareGarden LandscapingLow Maintenance landscaping for Calgary homeownersNew Tree and Shrub CareGrasscycling Your LawnLow Maintenance landscaping for Calgary homeownersOverseeding Your LawnGreat Options For Calgary HedgesSpruce and Pine Tree Lawn DamageFruit Trees That Grow Well In CalgaryNew Landscaping ProductsDakota Paving StoneDakota Paving StoneNatural Gas Linear FirepitRubber Playground TilesNatural Gas Linear FirepitWireless Sprinkler ControllerSolino Garden Wall StoneLandscaping PhotosShrub PhotosTree photosOur WorkPlantingsTrees CalgaryPlanting Trees and ShrubsShrub PhotosLandscaping BlogEstimates)(Featured on HGTV Property Brothers! Our Customers Come FirstBuilt On Trust)(Coronavirus Covid-19 and landscaping in Calgary updateClick here to learn more about how Coronavirus COVID-19 will affect landscaping in Calgary_____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ Our Landscaping Calgary Awards and accreditations Custom designed landscaping just for youChinook Landscaping and design can create a custom designed landscape just for you. Landscape design and landscaping in Calgary requires a good sense of perception when it comes to knowing what the customer wants. We work really hard to create the vision you have in mind. Read More Patios and WalkwaysAs your landscaping Calgary specialist, Patios and walkways are one of the most popular landscape construction requests we get from our Calgary landscaping clients. There are many... Read More Read More Retaining WallsWe specialize in building strong retaining walls. Your retaining wall can be built using natural stone, precast stone, concrete or wood. View your retaining wall options. Read More Read More Planting & RemovalTREE AND SHRUB REMOVAL SERVICES Chinook Landscaping and Design has expert staff who specialize in tree and shrub planting and removal as well as garden bed design. Some Landscaping... Read More Read More Outdoor Kitchens Outdoor kitchens are fast becoming a very popular landscaping addition for many Calgary homeowners. Enjoying the outdoors more often can start by creating... Read More Read More Landscape DesignDesigning your Landscape is one of the most important aspects of the landscaping process. It is very important to make sure the various landscaping components will not only be visually... Read More Read More Fences and decks Chinook landscaping and design installs high quality fences and decks. You can choose from many difference materials for your fence or deck including cedar, pressure treated, meranti... Read MoreAbout Our CompanyLandscaping Calgary specialistsChinook Landscaping and design is your landscaping Calgary specialist. We have been serving the Calgary area since 2010. We love to landscape and it shows! We consider our company to be leaders in the landscaping industry in Calgary. David Abbott, the owner of Chinook Landscaping is a born and raised Calgarian and is very familiar with all aspects of landscaping. David thoroughly understands the local climate and how that affects growing conditions of plant varieties including trees, shrubs, perennials, and annuals. David personally meets with all prospective clients who are interested in consultations or landscaping estimates. Chinook Landscaping and Design has several highly skilled Foreman who have been with our company for many years. We pride ourselves on having great communication with our customers and always encourage our clients to be actively involved in their projects. Professional,courteous staffOur staff are some of the highest paid employees in the landscaping industry in Calgary. Many of our Foreman have been with our company for several years. We make sure we hire the best people possible for each and every landscaping position. Each crew is made up of a professionally trained foreman who is on site at all times. Our staff are trained to always put the customer first. Our objective is to make sure our customers are very happy with their finished product and we work extremely hard to accomplish this. Not only do we use the finest in landscaping materials but we also make sure to install your project property from start to finish. Chinook Landscaping and design is know for going the extra mile when it comes to making our customers happy.Built on Trust- Deposits are optionalAt Chinook landscaping and design inc. we believe in following through on the commitments we make with our customers. Built on Trust, we never request deposits. If you do prefer to pay a deposit we offer a discount. Payment is due only upon completion of the project unless you prefer to pay a deposit. So deposits are up to you if your total project estimate is below $40,000. Pay your deposit or your total invoice with personal cheque, Etransfer or Visa and Mastercard. We do not charge you any fees if you choose to pay your invoice by credit card. Our goal is excellence in customer service. Whether that is showing up on time to install landscaping, or honoring our quoted estimate price, we will always have our customers best interest at heart. You will find working with us to be a pleasure and there won be any surprises.Call us today for a free estimate: 403-452-8552We back up our work with the best warranty in the business.Chinook Landscaping has always excelled at customers service. We believe providing peace of mind to our customers is our duty. Chinook Landscaping backs up our work with the best warranty in the business. Request An EstimateWe will be happy to provide you with an estimate whether your project is large or small. Please click on the following link to request your free estimate today. EstimatesChinook Landscaping Basalt water features and Pin cherry treeshttps://youtu.be/lveK_tjRs4sWatch More Videos from Chinook Landscaping Calgaryhttps://youtu.be/U3AyjJmBOaY Latest News April 4, 2020 Landscaping you can do around your home while waiting out the coronavirus COVID-19 Consider some things you can do around the exterior of your home while you wait out the coronavirus COVID-19. ... Read Post April 2, 2020 Calgary garden centres offer delivery during COVID-19 Calgary Garden centres are offering delivery during COVID-19. You can now order all of your garden supplies from your... Read Post COVID-19 and Landscaping in Calgary Updated April, 2020. Like everyone else around the City and around the world we are closely monitoring... Read PostWhy Choose Us? Caring staff, Superior workmanship. Many of our key employees have been with our company for several years and landscaping in Calgary for over a decade. Our foreman are all professionally trained and very approachable. They work with you to create perfect landscape We love to landscape and it shows! Local Knowledge and experience. You learn a lot in 10 years! We know the local climate and local soil conditions. As well, we know how to build lasting landscapes that can withstand Calgary ever changing climate One call for all your landscaping needs You don have to look anywhere else to get all you need for your landscaping in Calgary project. We do it all and can help you with all facets of your landscaping, from planning to implementation. Multi Award winning customer service Chinook landscaping and design is the most awarded landscaping company in Calgary. We were awarded the Calgary Herald Readers Choice award and the Consumer Choice award in 2017 as well as several Ethics and customer service awards from the Better Business Bureau Our customers come first and we do whatever we can to make sure you are extactic about your landscape. Deposits are optional Built on Trust. We are one of the few landscaping companies in Calgary who won ask your for a deposit or progress payment. If you do prefer to pay a deposit we will provide you with a discount on your invoice. Core Safety Certified We are one of the few landscaping Calgary companies with COR certification. Certificate of Recognition COR is awarded to employers who develop health and safety programs that meet established standards. Our customers can relax knowing we employ the best safety standards. Next Previous Client Testimonials Couldn ask for better service. Very pleased with the result. From start to finish Chinook Landscaping was there to make sure we were happy every step of the way. We wish all contractors had this level of integrity when it comes to doing business. Highly recommended . 5 stars plus +++++. Bill Hanycz Altadore, Calgary Chinook Landscaping and Design is the most ethical company we have ever dealt with for any of our home renovation projects. It is very refreshing to deal with a company that follows through on their commitments! Chinook created a beautiful new yard for us to enjoy. They started the work on time, stayed on schedule and the finished product is even better than we had imagined. It is very evident that David truly cares about his customers and goes above and beyond the norm to make sure they are happy. Katherine NG Elbow Park, Calgary We had a fantastic experience with David and his team at Chinook Landscaping and Design. The initial consultation was timely and comfortable. David gave us lots of options with no pressure to do more than we needed or wanted. The project started when scheduled, and the one-crew-one-project approach meant that no time was wasted or lost in completing our project. The crew was friendly, professional, hard working and seriously talented. Pricing was comparable with other reputable companies, and the overall value exceeded our expectations. Overall, we are thrilled with the end result and will use Chinook again in a heartbeat. A well-run business with talented professionals. Highly recommended. Greg Draper Kelvin Grove, Calgary We are so happy and impressed with the work that Chinook Landscaping did for us. The final product is even better then we thought it would be. All of the stonework they did is amazing! They were skilled and knowledgable and so easy to deal with. Any question was responded to right away. I would recommend them to anyone. Shane Campbell Elgin Estates I had seen David work at a friend house and really liked it so contacted him to get some work done at my new house. David gave a quick quote and I was lucky enough to have him start the following week. His crews were efficient and polite and did great work and cleaned up well at the end of the job. David took care of the two minor issues that came up after completion very quickly with no argument. I would not consider having landscaping work done in the future by anyone except David and I would highly recommend him to anyone that wants quality work at a fair price. Hugh Harden Altadore, Calgary Chinook Landscaping is pure pro... we had a demolition of our existing front yard landscaping done and a complete redo by Chinook. David was excellent to deal with and made the whole process seem simple. His recommendations during the consult were extremely useful. The crew was top notch, they finished the demo in a day and by 4pm the following day the newly landscaped front yard was finished. Extremely adaptable to changing requests. Price was very reasonable. Highly recommend, if you want the job done right these are your guys! Trish Lukat Valley Ridge, Calgary)(Learn More about Chinook LandscapingEstimatesBlogOur WorkChinook Landscaping CalgaryAbout UsOur ServicesMowing PaversOutdoor KitchensPatios and FirepitsPaving stonesRetaining WallsWorking HoursMonday07:00-17:00Tuesday07:00-17:00Wednesday07:00-17:00Thursday07:00-17:00Friday07:00-17:00Saturday07:00-17:00SundayCLOSEDWe are open for landscaping estimates in CalgaryCopyright 2018 Chinook Landscaping and Design Inc.Landscaping Calgary SpecialistsEstimates: Phone: 403-452-8552)))->0
((Chocolate Shoppe Ice Cream |)((Skip to main content)(Chocolate Shoppe Ice Cream Toggle navigation Flavors Locations Wholesale About Us Contact)((Hip, Hip, Hooray! Cones available today! You read that right, we e now able to offer cones at all of our Madison-area shoppes. You can visit us online athttps://chocolateshoppeicecream.square.site/to order ahead of time, or step up to any of our dipping cabinets and order in person. Skip the line and order online! Online ordering is here! Visit our Square site to order your treats ahead of time and our team will work to have your order ready by the time you arrive. It as easy as 1...2...3. 1. Visit us athttps://chocolateshoppeicecream.square.site/ and choose which location you\d like to pick your order up from. 2. Add all the goodies to your cart and check out with quick, contactless payment options. 3. Head over to the shoppe you placed your order at, let us know you e there and we\ll have your order ready to go!!)(Wisconsin-Made Ice Cream Have a birthday coming up? Pick up a handmade ice cream cake or order a custom one with your favorite flavor and a unique message from one of our Madison shoppes! Flavors Check out our Flavor Page for more details, all of our ingredients and nutritional information. Learn More Find A Location Looking for a scoop of Super-Premium Chocolate Shoppe Ice Cream? Visit our Locations Page User login Username * Password * Request new password Log in Flavors Locations Wholesale About Us Contact))))->8
((Home - Convertabath)(((Home Remodeling TruStone Cultured Marble Accessible Showers Safety Refinishing & Repair Tubs & Showers Faux Granite Vanities Kitchens Repairs Tub Conversions Full Cuts Notch Cuts with Doors Notch Cuts Shower Doors Frameless Glass Semi Frameless Glass Sliding Bypass DIY Conversion Kit Contact Us Contact About Us Financing Menu)(ATTENTION We care about our customers and our employees so we want you to be aware of the precautions we are taking to ensure safety for both our employees and our customers moving forward through this unprecedented time that we live in with COVID-19 leading the way. Convertabath already practices extreme cleanliness before, during and after projects are performed by sanitizing the areas constantly as a normal protocol. We work in one or two person teams at a customers home so our numbers of interaction are extremely low. Our office staffs work areas are more than 6 feet apart and we have established a cleanliness protocol in house to keep the areas clean and healthy. In order for us to continue working with our customers, we will uphold our healthy standards. Due to the safety of our customers and employees, will will be adding these precautions until further notice: Although we are happy to see you and appreciate your business, we will refrain from shaking hands; Technicians and sales staff will carry cleaning supplies with them to make sure anything they touch or the customer needs to touch such as cell phone, iPads, credit card machines, and pens are clean and safe; The office will be closed to the public until further notice so we will not accept appointments to view samples, drop off paperwork or make payments in person at this time. We will work hard to figure out alternatives that work for you; If we are not available when you call, we still have a 24/7 live person answering service who will take your call and forward messages to the office staff. WE WILL NOT LET YOU DOWN. Thank you for your support and continued business. Stay well and healthy. Thank you from the bottom of my heart. -Jeannine S Dinges; President With over 20 years of home improvement experience, Convertabathcan transform any bathroom into a stylish space that is beautiful, functional and safe.Customers are pleasantly surprised at just how inexpensively and quickly a project can be completed. Let our experienced staff turn your bathroom into a great space. Shower & Bathtub Remodeling Bathtub to Shower Conversions Refinishing & Repair Shower Door Enclosures Torch Awards for Ethics Convertabath is a proud recipient of the 2014 BBB International Torch Awards for Ethics. The BBB recognizes companies for their commitment to ethical business practices Contact Us for a FREE ESTIMATE Name*Email* PhoneCommentsNameThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. This iframe contains the logic required to handle AJAX powered Gravity Forms. Connect With Us facebook googleplus twitter youtube pinterest Call today for a free, no obligation estimate!We proudly serve the entire Phoenix Metropolitan area. Like Us on Facebook Like Us on Facebook Contact Details Address: 116 N. Roosevelt Ave #124 Chandler, AZ 85226 Phone: 480 656-1348 623 444-6657 877 944-2284 toll free Copyright 2016 - Convertabath FacebookGplusTwitterYoutubePinterestAZ ROC License #259082))(Scroll to top)))->0
(( Car guyz - Auto Repair, Tires, Oil Change)(803 431-4426Welcome to Carguyz , an affordable alternative in auto repair in rock hillWelcome to Carguyz , an affordable alternative in auto repair in rock hillWelcome to Carguyz , an affordable alternative in auto repair in rock hillWelcome to Carguyz , an affordable alternative in auto repair in rock hillWelcome to Carguyz , an affordable alternative in auto repair in rock hillBook an AppointmentWelcome to Carguyz , an affordable alternative in auto repair in rock hillWelcome to Carguyz , an affordable alternative in auto repair in rock hillWelcome to Carguyz , an affordable alternative in auto repair in rock hillWelcome to Carguyz , an affordable alternative in auto repair in rock hillWelcome to Carguyz , an affordable alternative in auto repair in rock hillBook an Appointment About UsExperienced MechanicsThe mechanics at our shop have over 20 years of experience between them. They are dedicated to providing high-quality repairs to keep you safe and happy.If you are looking for auto repair in rock hill , auto repair in fort mill , Car guyz in rock hill is the answer , we service All makes and models including Mercedes Benz, BMW, Infiniti, just to name a few at very competitive pricesWe Have You CoveredWhether you e coming in for a routine inspection or a repair service, we promise that you will be completely satisfied with our work. We provide 12-month warranties with all of our services for your peace of mind.Our Quality PromiseWe e committed to providing a stress-free experience to both new and returning customers. Our shop only uses parts from reputable brands to ensure that your vehicle is always ready to drive. ServicesRoutine ServiceAdd a description about your routine servicesOil Change$25We offer both synthetic and conventional motor oil.Tire RotationfreeTire rotations are always free at carguyzNEW TIRESCALL Add a description about this itemCUSTOM EXHAUST SYSTEMSCALLAdd a description about this itemRepairsWE OFFER A FULL LINE OF AUTOMOTIVE AND LIGHT TRUCK REPAIRS , WE CAN HANDLE JUST ABOUT ANYTHING , JUST GIVE US A CALLBrake Pads$120 per AxleReplacement comes with an 12-month guarantee. lifetime brake service availableBattery Replacement120Replacement comes with a 12-month guarantee.CUSTOM WORKWE INSTALL LIFT, LEVELING , LOWERING KITS , WELDING , FABRICATION WORKLIFT / LOWERING KITS INSTALLEDAdd a description about this item Contact Uscar guyz2915 N CHERRY RD ROCK HILL SC 297308034314426HoursMonday - Friday: 8am - 6pmSaturday: 9am - 3pmSunday: ClosedRequest a QuoteRequest a QuoteNameEmail*SendCancelRequest a Quote Copyright 2018 Car guyz - All Rights Reserved.Powered by GoDaddy Website Builder))->7
((Access denied | fitbodyaz.clickfunnels.com used Cloudflare to restrict access)((Please enable cookies.)(Error 1020 Ray ID: 5b1596cb1c5f02d8 2020-07-11 21:24:02 UTC Access denied What happened? This website is using a security service to protect itself from online attacks. Cloudflare Ray ID: 5b1596cb1c5f02d8 Your IP: 35.199.173.37 Performance & security by Cloudflare)))->1
((Page Not Found)( Skip navigationLoginSettings & Login Sorry, the page you requested cannot be found. The page you requested may have been moved or is no longer available. Please try one of the following options: Check that the web address you entered is correct. Try to access the page directly from the home page, instead of using a bookmark. You will need to reset your bookmark if the page has been moved. Click on the Back button on your internet browser and try another link. Enter a few words about what you are looking for in the search box and click on the search button. Site MapFollow Your MoneyWebsite Satisfaction SurveyMake Our Website BetterTestEmployee LogInCity of Glendale City Hall5850 West Glendale AvenueGlendale, AZ 85301Visit our Facebook pageFollow us on TwitterSubscribe to our Vimeo channelFollow us on InstagramPhoto Credits City of Glendale | All Rights Reserved | Powered by Civiclive | 2019 West Corporation.))->5
((Historic Rural Hill Presents North Carolina Brewers and Music Festival)((FrequentlyAskedQuestoins FestivalSchedule FestivalMap PhotoGallery RegistertoVolunteer!)( A celebration of North Carolina Brewing and Real Music 2021 NCBMF will be held on May 7 8, 2021. As we all work through the Covid-19 we did not feel it would be responsible or safe to hold a festival. We appreciate your understanding and thank you for your continued support of Rural Hill and the NCBMF. For a full statement please click here We are humbled by the amount of support Historic Rural Hill has received through putting on this festival. And it is for this reason that we continue to pour our souls into it. Every event held at Rural Hill - a 501 c 3 nonprofit - is in support of our mission as a historic site and center for education. If you are interested in volunteering or donating to further our cause, please click here. PURCHASE 2021 TICKETS Thank you, The Staff at Historic Rural Hill FEAT. SPONSOR STAFF: Jeff Fissell - President 5 String Productions Jessica Bustamante- Executive Director Historic Rural Hill Charles Willett - Brewery Facilitator John Crawford - Vendor Manager Zac Vinson - Graphic Designer Micah Davidson - Talent Booker Eric Ferguson Farm Operations Freddie Brown - Farm Manager Carolyn Campbell- Administrative Assistant Website by EyeBenders, LLC)))->5
(( Home - Tipsy Ryde)((Skip to content)(Everyday Transportation, Car Pick-up, or Curbside Deliveries We provide a safe ride for YOU and YOUR CAR. Contact Us Taxi Alternatives Do you need a quick lift to the airport, mall, or your favorite restaurant ASAP? Text or call us for a one-way ride for as little as $8. Our awesome team of drivers is on call to bring you from point A to point B anywhere in the city.If you need a ride to work or a scheduled appointment, you can pre-book two hours in advance and never be late again. Early morning airport rides can be scheduled the night prior after 6 PM. Car Pick up/Team Lift We are proud to offer a new transportation experience that chauffeurs you back home after a wild night of festivity and fun. Unlike booking a taxi or other similar ridesharing services, we can bring you home in style within the luxury of your own vehicle, so you dont have to leave your prized wheels in a sketchy parking lot far from home. At the moment, our services are exclusive to the Gaston County, but not to worry, we plan on expanding to other locations. Lucky for you, Tipsy Ryde is always here to the rescue! From exclusive nightclubs to private events, our team of drivers are ready to meet you at any location to chauffeur you and your car home safe and sound. All our team drivers are fully insured for your protection. Curbside Delivery- Beer, Wine, & Liquor How awesome is it to have the ability to order curbside adult beverages to your home or office? Lucky for you, Tipsy Ryde can deliver beer, wine, liquor, & gas station extras.Important Note: Please note that proof of age is required when ordering alcohol and tobacco products for delivery. How to Order If you need to have beer, wine, liquor, or gas station extras right this very moment, just follow these simple steps: 1 Step 1: Contact Tipsy Ryde to check on the availability of our couriers. 2 Step 2: Select your favorite beer, wine, liquor, or gas station extras from your local liquor or convenience store 3 Step 3: We will pick up your order. 4 Step 4: We drive to your location for fast curbside delivery. The order total will be texted to you before delivery. 5 Step 5: Upon arrival please walk out to driver with cash, ID, and a smile. Contact Us For Your First Ride Today Tipsy Ryde Is Hiring! Do you need some extra cash for the following? Paying Bills Supporting Some Habits Funding Vacations Planning to Move Out Of Your Parents Basement If you said yes to any of these reasons, then you might just be the talent that we are looking for! We are always on the lookout for excellent drivers. Before you get started on the application process, please make sure you have the following: Full Coverage Auto Insurance Safe Driving Record Pass Background Check Have a Pleasing Personality Good Personal Hygiene Is a Plus Contact Us If you have any questions or concerns, feel free to call us and ask about our services. For job inquiries, hit us up and send your resume through our message box. Wed Love to Hear From You! Name* First Last Email* Message* This iframe contains the logic required to handle Ajax powered Gravity Forms. Get In Touch! 704 524-7888 info@tispyryde.com Stay Social 2020 Tipsy Ryde)))->8
(( Home - Philthy Phillys)(Home About Menu Philly Cheesesteak Philthy Poutinerie Pulled Pork Sandwiches Chicken Coop Broad St. Burgers Fresh Salads Sweet Tooth Extras Sides Drinks Sauces Cheeses Locations Franchising Contact CHEESESTEAKS & POUTINERIE We brought the great flavour of a Philly Cheesteak to Canada and created the Philthy experience! DISCOVER OUR MENU Enjoy delicious, authentic, Philadelphia flavour! MENU FIND A PHILTHY PHILLYS Find a Philthy Philly near you and order now with SkipTheDishes! LOCATIONS FRANCHISE OPPORTUNITIES Are you interested in franchising a Philthy Philly ? FRANCHISING MenuPhilly Cheesesteak Philthy Poutinerie Pulled Pork Sandwiches Chicken Coop Broad St. Burgers Fresh Salads Sweet Tooth Extras Sides Drinks Sauces Cheeses AboutOur Story Franchising Contact LOCATIONSFind a Philthy Phillys Food Truck @PHILTHYPHILLYSInstagram has returned invalid data.SOCIAL MEDIA COPYRIGHT 2019 PHILTHY PHILLY\S. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. WEBSITE DESIGN BY RETAILORS GROUP.))->8
((Hendrick Motors of Charlotte Mercedes-Benz Dealership | New & Used Benz)((Skip to main content)((Hendrick Motors of Charlotte 5201 E. Independence Blvd Directions Charlotte, NC 28212 Sales: 866 264-1269 Service: 866 264-1270 Parts: 866 264-1362)(Hendrick Automotive Group and Hendrick Motors of Charlotte are committed to protecting the safety and health of our customers and team members. Learn more on how were navigating COVID-19 in our community. Read an important message from Hendrick Motors of Charlotte.))(New Cars Used Cars Search Search Inventory Home New Inventory New Inventory Remaining New 2019 Inventory New Mercedes-Benz Inventory Mercedes AMG Inventory New Vehicle Specials Featured Vehicle Specials Mercedes-Benz National Offers Sprinter & Metris Inventory Sprinter & Metris Van Specials Concierge Services Mercedes-Benz Showroom Tools Value Your Trade Finance Application New Monthly Specials Pre-Owned Inventory Pre-Owned Inventory Featured CPO Vehicles Retired Courtesy Vehicles Certified Pre-Owned Vehicles Featured Vehicle Specials All Pre-Owned Vehicles Tools Why Buy Certified Pre-Owned? Concierge Services Value Your Trade Finance Application Featured Vehicles Specials & Finance Vehicle Specials New Vehicle Lease Specials New Featured Vehicle Specials New Mercedes-Benz National Offers Certified Pre-Owned Specials Service & Parts Specials Service Specials Sprinter Service Specials Parts Specials Parts & Service Price Match Finance Tools Finance Center Why Lease Mercedes-Benz Lease Return Center Financial Products Hendrick Autoguard Product Offerings Finance Application Finance & Lease Specials New Vehicle Specials Concierge Services Service & Parts Service Tools Schedule Service Complimentary Pick-Up & Delivery Service Specials Concierge Services Parts & Service Price Match Service Research Service Center Service Menu Service A / Service B AMG Performance Center Mercedes-Benz Sprinter Vans Info Dashboard Indicator Lights Collision Center Express Service Recall Information Parts Order Parts Parts Coupons Parts Research Parts Center Tires Tire Center Service Hours About & Research About Us About Us Hendrick Cares Meet Our Staff Why Buy Here? Customer Reviews Johnny Mac Soldiers Fund Our Community Hendrick Certified Hendrick Affordable Privacy Policy Contact Us Contact Us Hours & Directions Hendrick Careers Showroom Hours Model Research Mercedes-Benz SUV Lineup 2020 Mercedes-Benz GLE 2020 Mercedes-Benz GLC 2020 Mercedes-Benz GLS 2020 Mercedes-Benz GLA 2020 Mercedes-Benz GLB 2020 Mercedes-Benz E-Class 2020 Mercedes-Benz C-Class 2020 Mercedes-Benz EQ 2020 Mercedes-Benz CLA Mercedes-Benz Sprinter Vans AMG Performance Center Video Gallery Car Finder Courtesy Vehicles Strategic Partner Incentives Log In Make the most of your secure shopping experience by creating an account. Access your saved cars on any device.Receive Price Alert emails when price changes, new offers become available or a vehicle is sold.Securely store your current vehicle information and access tools to save time at the the dealership. Privacy Policy Already Registered? Log In Enter your registered email address to request a password reset link. Privacy Policy Log In | Sign Up New to our site? Sign Up Forgot Password? You\ve Successfully logged in! Logout View My Favorites Page Structure My Deal Recent Activity Trade-in Estimate Not submitted {{ template.offer }}{{ template.vehicleName }} Est. Payment Not submitted Finance for {{ template.monthlyPayment }}/mo.{{ template.term }} months at {{ template.apr }} APR|Lease for {{ template.monthlyPayment }}/mo.{{ template.term }} months, {{ template.annualMiles }} annual miles|{{ template.title }}{{ template.description }} Prequalification Not submitted SubmittedReference #{{ template.referenceNumber }} You applied for credit instead Credit Application Not submitted SubmittedReference #{{ template.referenceNumber }} Structure My Deal tools are complete you e ready to visit Hendrick Motors of Charlotte! We\ll have this time-saving information on file when you visit the dealership. Get Driving Directions Done with the tools you need? You e ready to visit Hendrick Motors of Charlotte! Get Driving Directions Viewed Registration Successful! You e now logged in as and will receive alerts when price changes, new offers become available or a vehicle is sold. Would you like us to send you price alerts? Yes pleaseNot now Make the most of your secure shopping experience by creating an account. Access your saved cars on any device.Receive Price Alert emails when price changes, new offers become available or a vehicle is sold.Securely store your current vehicle information and access tools to save time at the the dealership. Privacy Policy Already Registered? Log In You do not have any recently viewed cars at this time. View My Favorites Page Saved We\ve saved this car for you! Registration Successful! You e now logged in as and will receive alerts when price changes, new offers become available or a vehicle is sold. Would you like us to send you price alerts? Yes pleaseNot now Make the most of your secure shopping experience by creating an account. Access your saved cars on any device.Receive Price Alert emails when price changes, new offers become available or a vehicle is sold.Securely store your current vehicle information and access tools to save time at the the dealership. Privacy Policy Already Registered? Log In You do not have any saved cars at this time. View My Favorites Page Alerts Alerts Set! You e now logged in as and will receive alerts when price changes, new offers become available or a vehicle is sold. Please provide your email address to begin receiving price alerts at home, at work, and on your phone! Privacy Policy Already Registered? Log In You do not have any unread price alerts at this time. View My Favorites Page Info Make the most of your shopping experience! Log In | Create Account Save Cars and continue your research later at home or on the go with your phone! Compare all your cars at once from one place, side-by-side! Get notified by email or text message when a car you e interested in drops in price! Hide Show Previous pause Next 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 New Mercedes-Benz Lineup Popular Models Cabriolet Convertible Coupe Roadster SUV Sedan Truck Van Wagon 2020 Mercedes-Benz GLC 300 2020 Mercedes-Benz C-Class 2020 Mercedes-Benz GLB 250 2020 Mercedes-Benz GLE 350 2020 Mercedes-Benz E-Class 2020 Mercedes-Benz C-Class 2020 Mercedes-Benz S-Class 2020 Mercedes-Benz E-Class 2020 Mercedes-Benz C-Class 2020 Mercedes-Benz CLA 250 2020 Mercedes-Benz CLS 450 2020 Mercedes-Benz E-Class 2020 Mercedes-Benz GLC 300 2020 Mercedes-Benz S-Class 2020 Mercedes-Benz SL 450 2020 Mercedes-Benz SL 550 2020 Mercedes-Benz SLC 300 2020 Mercedes-Benz G-Class 2020 Mercedes-Benz GLA 250 2020 Mercedes-Benz GLB 250 2020 Mercedes-Benz GLC 300 2020 Mercedes-Benz GLC 350e 2020 Mercedes-Benz GLE 350 2020 Mercedes-Benz GLE 450 2020 Mercedes-Benz GLE 580 2020 Mercedes-Benz GLS 450 2020 Mercedes-Benz GLS 580 2020 Mercedes-Benz A-Class 2020 Mercedes-Benz C-Class 2020 Mercedes-Benz E-Class 2020 Mercedes-Benz Maybach S 560 2020 Mercedes-Benz Maybach S 650 2020 Mercedes-Benz S-Class 2020 Mercedes-Benz Sprinter 3500XD Chassis 2020 Mercedes-Benz Sprinter 4500 Chassis 2020 Mercedes-Benz Metris 2020 Mercedes-Benz Sprinter 1500 2020 Mercedes-Benz Sprinter 2500 2020 Mercedes-Benz Sprinter 3500 2020 Mercedes-Benz Sprinter 3500XD 2020 Mercedes-Benz Sprinter 4500 2020 Mercedes-Benz E-Class New Mercedes-Benz Cars, Sedans, & SUVs in CharlotteWhen you are looking for a luxurious new Mercedes-Benz car or SUV look no further than Hendrick Motors of Charlotte. We carry an extensive inventory of new Mercedes-Benz cars including the C-Class, E-Class, S-Class, SLC Roadster, CLA and CLS. If you are looking for something a little bigger, we have you covered with our SUV models like the GLA, GLC, GLE and GLS. As you can see, whatever your luxury vehicle needs are, we have them covered. If you e interested in learning which Mercedes-Benz SUV best suits you, consider asking a member of our sales team. Schedule a test drive with our new 2020 GLC or 2019 GLE. We also carry a large inventory of Sprinter & Metris Vans, with Sprinter & Metris specials available on select models.Used Cars, Trucks, SUVs & Mercedes-Benz Certified Pre-Owned VehiclesIt stands to reason that best new luxury cars make the best pre-owned vehicles. The very best is exactly what you get when you choose a certified-pre-owned Mercedes-Benz. In order to become a Certified Pre-Owned Mercedes-Benz each vehicle must adhere to certain criteria and undergo a strict inspection process.This assures buyers that they are getting all the quality they expect from Mercedes-Benz at a value that they might not. If a Mercedes-Benz isn in the stars for you at this moment, we carry a nice selection of used inventory to meet your used car, truck or SUV needs.Schedule Your Mercedes-Benz Maintenance or RepairAt Hendrick Motors of Charlotte we believe that each visit to our facility should be as enjoyable as driving the vehicles in our extensive inventory. Whether you e purchasing a vehicle or servicing one, our staff is dedicated to making sure that you have an experience that is nothing less than exemplary. Our dealership offers both Express Service and Complimentary Pick Up & Delivery for our busy customers. Our efforts to deliver absolute satisfaction have been successful as we have earned the prestigious Mercedes-Benz Best Of The Best Award numerous times. We also offer service on Sprinter & Metris Vans, with sprinter service specials available! Why settle for less when the best is waiting for you at Hendrick Motors of Charlotte? Schedule your next service with us today!Mercedes-Benz Financing- Auto Loan & Lease Options in CharlotteOur finance experts at Hendrick Motors of Charlotte are here to help you get into your new Mercedes as quickly and easily as possible. This is accomplished through the relationships we have built with the most competitive and affordable lenders available, a fast and simple application process that we will help you complete, and only working with lenders that are as reputable as you would expect when purchasing a Mercedes-Benz.Why Buy From Hendrick Motors of CharlotteWhen it comes to you purchasing and servicing a luxury vehicle you have options but if you want the best buying and ownership experience then your only choice is Hendrick Motors of Charlotte. Why? Because in addition to offering Charlotte best selection of Mercedes-Benz vehicles in a contemporary showroom all at competitive prices, our customers enjoy additional exclusive benefits to further enhance their luxury automotive experience including:A selection of new Mercedes-Benz models and pre-owned vehiclesComplimentary pick and deliver of your vehicle whenever service is requiredMercedes-Benz loaner vehicles for when your car is being servicedComplimentary car washes with every service visit And much more!$699.00 Dealer Administrative Charge is not included in advertised price.All prices and offers are before state, city and county tax, tag, title and license fees. Out of state buyers are responsible for all state, county, city taxes and fees, as well as title/registration fees in the state that the vehicle will be registered. All prices and offers include all offers which the dealer retains unless otherwise specifically provided. Dealer not responsible for errors and omissions; all offers subject to change without notice, please confirm listings with dealer. Concierge Services Available Browse Specials Schedule Service Get Directions Courtesy Vehicles Inventory New Inventory Pre-Owned Inventory Certified Pre-Owned Inventory CarFinder Shopping Tools Mercedes-Benz Model Research Payment Calculator Trade-In Appraisal Specials & Financing Specials Finance Center Finance Application Finance Specials Dealership About Us Map and Directions Contact Us Privacy Policy Website by Dealer.com AdChoices ;)))->7
(( Home - Apadana Restaurant)((Welcome to Apadana Our Story Gallery Connect with us Gallery Connect with us WELCOME TO APADANA RESTAURANT Enjoy with Family and Friends Taste The Difference...)(Discover Our Story Apadana Restaurant We found that we were missing the food of our childhood, so we decided to bring the fresh flavours, succulent meat dishes and freshly baked loaves of bread of our Persian homeland. We selected only the very best suppliers for super-fresh meat and product. with a great team succeeded in replicating the warm welcome and sublime flavours of Persian Cuisine, right here in Apadana restaurant. Read More Eat What You Love Over 100 Delicious & Tasty VIEW FOOD GALLERY Tasty . Delicious . Savoury YOU WILL LOVE EVERY BIT OF OUR TRADITIONAL PERSIAN COOK Tue-Thu 12:00 - 21:00 Fri-Sat 12:00 - 24:00Sun 10:00 - 22:00Mon Closed BOOK A TABLE NOW)(Our Story We found that we were missing the food of our childhood, so we decided to bring the fresh flavours, succulent meat dishes and freshly baked breads of our Persian homeland . We selected only the very best suppliers for super-fresh meat and product. great team succeeded in replicating the warm welcome and sublime flavours of Persian Cuisine , right here in Apadana restaurant. Get in Touch Opening hours: Tuesday to Thursday: 12:00PM to 9:00PM Friday & Saturday: 12:00PM to 12:00AM Sunday: 10:00AM to 10:00PM Mondays we are CLOSED Address: 13071 Yonge street, Richmond Hill, ON, L4E 1A5 Phone: 416 887-8189 Email: info@apadana.restaurant 2018 Apadana Restaurant. All Rights Reserved. Powered by Seo Toronto)))->8
(Request unsuccessful. Incapsula incident ID: 235000060109619569-61723541961900426)->8
(( Wetzel Pretzels - Hand Held Happiness - Wetzel Pretzels)((My Account My Properties Sign Out My Account My Properties Sign Out Home About News Locate Contact Guest Comments General Inquiries Own A Franchise Join The Team More Home About News Locate Contact Guest Comments General Inquiries Own A Franchise Guest Comments General Inquiries Own A Franchise Join The Team My Account My Properties Sign Out Your Shopping Cart No Items Continue Shopping OWN A FRANCHISE)( ABoUT Us FRANCHISe ReWARDS APp MeNU. MeNU . Wetzels Original buttered Wetzels Original non-buttered Sinful Cinnamon Sour Cream & Onion Cin-A-Yum > pRETZELS. pRETZELS . Wetzels Original buttered Wetzels Original non-buttered Sinful Cinnamon Sour Cream & Onion Cin-A-Yum > WeTZEL BItZ. WeTZEL BItZ . Wetzel Bitz Pepperoni Bitz Almond Crunch Bitz Cinnamon Bitz > PReTZEL DIpS. PReTZEL DIpS . Cheese Jalapeno Cheese Pizza Sauce Caramel Cream Cheese > BAKeD ChEESE PReTZELS. BAKeD ChEESE PReTZELS . Cheese Meltdown Grateful Garlic Pepperoni Twist Jalapeno Cheese Melt Jalaroni > WETZeL DoGS. WETZeL DoGS . Wetzel Dog Cheese Dog Jalapeno Cheese Dog > ICe CoLD DRInKS. ICe CoLD DRInKS . Fresh Lemonade Frozen Lemonade Frozen Granita Ice Cold Pepsi, Diet Pepsi, Dr. Pepper, Raspberry Tea, and Mountain Dew. Ice Cold Bottled Water > ABOUT US FRANCHISE REWARDS APP MENU PRETZELS WETZEL BITZ PRETZEL DIPS BAKED CHEESE PRETZELS WETZEL DOGS ICE COLD DRINKS WeTZEL\S PRETZeLS MEnUThe best things in life are fresh and we bake all our pretzels fresh from scratch every day! Whether it is an Original Pretzel snack on the go, shareable and dip-able Cin-A-Bitz with made from scratch Sweet Glaze, or a Wetzel Dog meal with an ice-cold lemonade, we\ve got you covered. Something for everyone to grab a little happiness in the palm of your hand. Menu PRetZel to the StaRs Victoria Beckham Olivia Munn Justin Turner Brooke Burke-Charvet Elon Musk Joc Pederson & Kike Hernndez Megan Fox Eddie Van Halen & Janie Liszewski Milla Jovovich Jimmy Kimmel & Will Ferrell as Harry Caray Jenna Dewan Tatum Lindsay Lohan Sloane Stephens Tyler the Creator Vanessa Hudgens Lucy Hale & Anthony Kalabretta Vincent Rodriguez III AS Seen On TV The Ellen Degeneres Show Crazy Ex-Girlfriend Last Week Tonight with John Oliver Curb Your Enthusiasm Selfie Harvey Hundreds The King of Queens Jimmy Kimmel Live! The Mindy Project SoCIal FeeD A MOPRO WEBSITE Franchisee Login Notice Of Accessibility)))->8
((403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.)((Server Error)(403 - Forbidden: Access is denied. You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.)))->5
(( Banner Family Medicine Clinic in Phoenix @ I-10 & 12th St)(((Set My Location Espaol Enable Accessibility Careers Classes + Events Health + Wellness Patient Resources Billing Sign in)(Find a Doctor Find a Location Conditions and Services Check Your Symptoms)(Sign in Check Your Symptoms Find a Doctor Find a Location Conditions and Services Careers Classes + Events Health + Wellness Patient Resources Billing Espaol Enable Accessibility))((Banner - University Medicine Family Medicine Clinic Share)(Return to Location Search)(Banner - University Medicine Family Medicine Clinic 1300 N 12th St Ste 605Phoenix, AZ 85006 Hours Today: Closed 602 839-4567 Get Directions)(Welcome Banner University Medicine Family Medicine Clinic is one of the largest primary care practices in central Phoenix and is located on the campus of Banner University Medical Center in Phoenix. Getting Here View Map Hours At This Location Monday 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Tuesday 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Wednesday 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Thursday 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Friday 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Saturday Closed Sunday Closed Note: Phone Scheduling Line is open Sundays from 10 a.m .to 3 p.m. About Us Banner University Medicine Family Medicine Clinic takes pride in the excellent care patients receive by combining academic training with faculty physicians. The Centers care includes pediatrics, adolescents, adults, obstetrics/gynecology and geriatrics. We provide preventive care and manage chronic diseases. Family-centered maternity care is unique to our practice. We provide prenatal care, delivery, and newborn care for your baby. The office features 22 exam rooms with specialty areas for colposcopy, IUD insertions and removals, circumcision, skin procedures, joint injections, osteopathic manipulation, toenail removals and counseling. We embrace the Patient Centered Medical Home Care model, which seeks to improve the accessibility, comprehensiveness, safety, quality and cost effectiveness of care. For our patients this means: Open Access Scheduling: Physicians can usually be seen within 48 hours and often on the same day they request an appointment Group Visits: Physicians and staff members meet with small groups of patients to help manage chronic disease issues Use of Electronic Health Records across the continuum of Banner Health. Patients and Visitors Patient Forms New Patient Medical History Form - Adult New Patient Medical History Form - Pediatric Authorization for Release of Medical Information Spanish Condition of Admission and Treatment Spanish Financial Agreement Spanish Health Information Exchange Opt In or Out Form Spanish All Services Family Medicine Psychology Banner Health Doctors Services Locations For Health Professionals For Employees Volunteers Insurance About Quality News For Media Ways to Give Donate Now Careers Patient Center Bill Pay Billing Information Classes and Events Financial Assistance Medical Records MyBanner Patient Portal Patient Registration Connect With Us Contact Read Our Blog Ask an Expert Newsletter Sign Up Facebook@1x Created with Sketch. Twitter@1x Created with Sketch. Youtube@1x Created with Sketch. 2020 By Banner Health Terms of Use Privacy Statement Nondiscrimination or Experiencing symptoms and need help? Lets start with COVID-19 related symptoms and go from there. Know where you e going? Banner Health is a safe place for care, learn more. Emergency Care For life-threatening emergencies, find the nearest emergency room Urgent Care For non-life threatening medical needs Nurse On Call Get helpful advice over the phone 844 259-9494 Banner Health is a safe place for care, learn more. Search Find Set My Location Clear Setting your location helps us to show you nearby doctors, locations and events throughout the site. Use Current Location))))->2
(( Goodyear Auto Service at 5913 Station Street, Pittsburgh, PA | Goodyear Auto Service)( Skip Main Content Close My Store Selector 000908773 Verify Your Store We pre-selected this store based on your location to give you more accurate pricing, inventory and service offerings. Goodyear Auto Service - Cupertino 10931 North De Anza Blvd Cupertino, CA 95014-0439 Goodyear Auto Service - Cupertino phone 408-255-2166 Use This Suggested Store Change Store Great news! Goodyear Home Install is available in your area Learn More My Store This store is based on your location. Change Store {{ store.name }} {{ store.location.street }} {{ store.location.city }}, {{ store.location.state }} {{ store.location.zipCode }} {{ store.location.latitude }} {{ store.location.longitude }} {{ store.rating }} {{ store.rating }} {{ store.reviewsQty }} Be the first to review {{ store.storeOpen ? \Open Now\ : \Closed Now\ }} Hours Today {{ currentHours }} Specialist on Staff {{ store.specialistsOnStaff[0] }} Get Directions {{ store.distance }} {{ store.phone }} Make An Appointment Closest 3 Stores Enter your location for the closest stores in your area. Enter your location for the closest stores in your area Go See All Stores {{ store.name }} {{ store.location.street }} {{ store.location.city }}, {{ store.location.state }} {{ store.location.zipCode }} {{ store.distance }} Hours today {{ currentHours }} {{ customMessage }} Use this store {{ store.name }} {{ store.name }} {{ store.location.street }} {{ store.location.city }}, {{ store.location.state }} {{ store.location.zipCode }} {{ store.distance }} Hours today {{ currentHours }} {{ customMessage }} Use this store {{ store.name }} {{ store.name }} {{ store.location.street }} {{ store.location.city }}, {{ store.location.state }} {{ store.location.zipCode }} {{ store.distance }} Hours today {{ currentHours }} {{ customMessage }} Use this store {{ store.name }} Loading... Back Your Next Appointment {{ formatedFullDate }} {{{ appointmentItems }}} {{{ vehicleInformation }}} {{ appointmentDuration }} {{ store.id }} {{ store.name }} {{ store.location.street }} {{ store.location.city }}, {{ store.location.state }} {{ store.location.zipCode }} {{ store.distance }} Closed Now Hours Today {{currentHours}} Goodyear Home Install will come to you {{ myNextAppointment.contactInformation.address.street }} {{ myNextAppointment.contactInformation.address.city }}, {{ myNextAppointment.contactInformation.address.state }} {{ myNextAppointment.contactInformation.address.zipCode }} Get Directions {{ myNextAppointment.store.distance }} {{ myNextAppointment.store.phone }} To change your appointment, please call the store number listed above. My Store My Store [personalized-data] Menu Services Tires Offers Learn My Store My Store [personalized-data] Make an Appointment My Appointment [personalized-data] Save Tires My Tires [personalized-data] You have no saved tires Weve made tire shopping simple. [profileData-title] Find Tires Were Here to Help. How to Save a Tire When shopping for tires, you can save them to "My Tires" by clicking on the bookmark Chat With a Tire Advisor Our representatives are available to talk to you online Chat Now 000901034 Goodyear Auto Service - Pittsburgh 5913 Station Street Pittsburgh, PA 15206-2956 4.46 4.46 132 Closed Now Monday 8:00 AM - 5:00 PM Tuesday 8:00 AM - 5:00 PM Wednesday 8:00 AM - 5:00 PM Thursday 8:00 AM - 5:00 PM Friday 8:00 AM - 5:00 PM Saturday 8:00 AM - 5:00 PM Sunday Closed Holiday Hours September 07th 08:00 AM - 04:00 PM November 26th Closed December 24th 08:00 AM - 04:00 PM December 25th Closed December 31st 07:00 AM - 06:00 PM Get Directions 412-362-2660 Make An Appointment , Goodyear Auto Service - Pittsburgh See All Stores Welcome to Goodyear Auto Service - Pittsburgh Goodyear Auto Service and Just Tires are tire and automotive repair stores wholly owned and operated by the Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company. View all Tire and Service Offers at this location Learn More View all Tire and Service Offers at this location Learn More Services Offered At This Store Im not sure what service I need Optional: please enter information about your issue here. Maintenance Services 2 Selected 1- Zero Contact Appointment 2- Diesel Oil Consultation 3- Oil Change Repair Services 2 Selected 1- FREE Brake Check 2- Battery Check 3- Belts & Hoses Check Tire Services 2 Selected 1- Free Alignment Check 2- Wheel Alignment 3- 3-Year Wheel Alignment Maintenance Services Zero Contact Appointment Diesel Oil Consultation Oil Change 29-Point Inspection Air & Cabin Filters Appointment Consultation Automatic Transmission Fluid Check Brake Fluid Check Check Engine Light Check Fuel System Check for Vets Coolant/Antifreeze Fluid Check Differential Fluid Check Free Car Care Check Hawaii State Vehicle Inspection Headlight Replacement New Hampshire State Vehicle Inspection New York State Vehicle Inspection North Carolina State Vehicle Inspection Pennsylvania State Vehicle Inspection Power Steering Fluid Check Texas State Vehicle Inspection Tune-Up Ventilation Cleaning Virginia State Vehicle Inspection West Viginia State Vehicle Inspection Wiper Blade Replacement Repair Services FREE Brake Check Battery Check Belts & Hoses Check Air Conditioning Check Alternators & Starters Check Exhaust System Check Vehicle Electrical Problems Driveshafts & CV Joints Power Steering & Suspension Shocks & Struts Timing Belt Tire Services Free Alignment Check Wheel Alignment 3-Year Wheel Alignment Free Flat Repair Free Tire Consultation Free Tire Pressure Check Tire Installation Tire Pressure Monitoring System TPMS Tire Rotation Wheel Balance Schedule Services Save & Add More See All Services Maintenance Services 1- 29-Point Inspection 2- Air & Cabin Filters 3- Appointment Consultation 4- Automatic Transmission Fluid Check 5- Brake Fluid Check 6- Check Engine Light 7- Check Fuel System 8- Check for Vets 9- Coolant/Antifreeze Fluid Check 10- Differential Fluid Check 11- Free Car Care Check 12- Hawaii State Vehicle Inspection 13- Headlight Replacement 14- New Hampshire State Vehicle Inspection 15- New York State Vehicle Inspection 16- North Carolina State Vehicle Inspection 17- Pennsylvania State Vehicle Inspection 18- Power Steering Fluid Check 19- Texas State Vehicle Inspection 20- Tune-Up 21- Ventilation Cleaning 22- Virginia State Vehicle Inspection 23- West Viginia State Vehicle Inspection 24- Wiper Blade Replacement Repair Services 1- Air Conditioning 2- Check Alternators & Starters 3- Check Exhaust System 4- Check Vehicle Electrical Problems 5- Driveshafts & CV Joints 6- Power Steering & Suspension 7- Shocks & Struts 8- Timing Belt Tire Services 1- Free Flat Repair 2- Free Tire Consultation 3- Free Tire Pressure Check 4- Tire Installation 5- Tire Pressure Monitoring System TPMS 6- Tire Rotation 7- Wheel Balance See All Services See Fewer Services Make An Appointment Store Offerings Highlights Overnight Drop-off Wi-Fi in Waiting Room Courtesy Shuttle Service Amenities Overnight Drop-off Wi-Fi in Waiting Room Offers Online Appointment Scheduling Offers Shuttle Or Vehicle Pickup 6 Months No Interest Check and fill tire air pressure with any service Check and top-off fluids with any service Childrens Play Area Courtesy Shuttle Service Free Air Free Mounting/Free Rotation Every 6,000 miles with tire purchase Largest selection of Goodyear products Quality parts and service backed by a nationwide limited warranty Work done right by expert ASE-certified technicians Member of the Motorist Assurance Program MAP Provide manufacturers recommended maintenance schedule See All Amenities Reviews 4.462100028991699 These reviews are managed by Bazaarvoice and comply with the Bazaarvoice Authenticity Policy, which is supported by anti-fraud technology and human analysis. Details may be found at www.bazaarvoice.com/trustmark. 5 Stars 95 4 Stars 22 3 Stars 3 2 Stars 5 1 Star 7 Satisfaction with wait time 4.460899829864502 Quality of service 4.4882001876831055 Cleanliness of facility 4.535399913787842 Quality of amenities in waiting area 4.247900009155273 Helpfulness of staff 4.496099948883057 Latest Reviews Write A Review 2.0 I was surprised to see that discounts that are highlighted on the website were not automatically applied at checkout. Im glad I looked carefully at the receipt. 5.0 Had a flat and realized my tires were going bald. I called this store and they saw me the same day and now I have 4 brand new great and safe tires. Thanks to the management and crew. 5.0 Thank you, Front Line Workers for your hard work in this unprecedented time. Excellent customer service! Thanks again!! Read All Reviews Nearby Locations {{ store.id }} {{ store.name }} {{ store.location.street }} {{ store.location.city }}, {{ store.location.state }} {{ store.location.zipCode }} {{ store.distance }} Closed Now Hours Today {{currentHours}} Make An Appointment, {{ store.name }} {{ store.id }} {{ store.name }} {{ store.location.street }} {{ store.location.city }}, {{ store.location.state }} {{ store.location.zipCode }} {{ store.distance }} Closed Now Hours Today {{currentHours}} Make An Appointment, {{ store.name }} {{ store.id }} {{ store.name }} {{ store.location.street }} {{ store.location.city }}, {{ store.location.state }} {{ store.location.zipCode }} {{ store.distance }} Closed Now Hours Today {{currentHours}} Make An Appointment, {{ store.name }} QUICK NOTE Close QUICK NOTE You are leaving the Goodyear Auto Service website and are being directed to a website run by a company other than Goodyear. You are leaving the Goodyear Auto Service website and are being directed to a website run by Citigroup, which issues the Goodyear Credit Card. CONTINUE Cancel Quick Note Close Quick Note This tire is already added to your appointment. Go To Appointment You can only add one product to your appointment. Adding a new tire will remove the one that you already selected. Continue Dont Remove, Cancel Not all products fit every vehicle or tire size. If you change your VEHICLE/TIRE SIZE, the products on your cart will be removed. Continue Cancel Thanks for waiting while our wheels are turning... Close Mobile Installer Scenario Your location is beyond the Goodyear Mobile Install range Please enter a new location that is within the highlighted range on the map or choose to visit one of our stores instead. Enter New Location Visit store instead Close this option to change store Would You Like to Change Your Store? We Have Just Tires Stores Closer to You. Please note that pricing and services offered may vary by location. Changing your store will clear an appointment in progress. YES, CHANGE STORE No, Keep My Store Just Tires just opened in your area. To help save you time and miles, we can send you over to the Just Tires website, where you can find exclusive deals and schedule an appointment online. Go to JustTires.com Stay on Goodyear Auto Service Tire Finder How would you like to search? Vehicle Type Provide your year, make, model & version. Tire Size Select the size found on your tires sidewall. OR Trailer Tires Browse our selection of trailer tires by size. BACK Tire Finder Search by Vehicle Search by Size Search for Trailer Tires by Vehicle by Size for Trailers FIND TIRES Tire Finder It looks like youve been here before. And searched tires for a: 2010 Acura CSX Type-S Canada Only Would you like to continue or start a new search? SEE YOUR TIRE RESULTS Start A New Search QUICK NOTE Not all tires fit every vehicle or tire size. If you change your vehicle or tire size, the tire in your cart will be removed. Continue Cancel We e verifying your options Chat Now Sign Up for Offers & More Get emails with special savings and helpful tips from tire and service experts. Sign Up for Offers & More - Click here and Go to sign up Write your email address and Sign Up Click here and Go to sign up Connect With Us Chat Chat Now Call 855 785-0768 Goodyear Credit Card 800 767-0291 Services Oil Change Brakes Alignment Free Flat Repair Tire Rotation Batteries Tires Find Tires Browse All Categories Whats My Tire Size Register Tires Tire Warranty Service Warranty Resources About Us Careers Store Directory Contact Us Submit or Check Status of Rebate Goodyear Credit Card Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy Sitemap Goodyear Corporate Site Other Goodyear Sites Accessibility 2020 The Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company | 200 Innovation Way, Akron, OH 44316 FINE PRINT & LEGAL DISCLAIMERS: Rebates & specials, MasterCard prepaid cards, and additional product claims. *, , , , , 1, 2, # FINE PRINT & LEGAL DISCLAIMERS: Rebates & specials, MasterCard prepaid cards, and additional product claims. *, , , , , 1, 2, #))->7
((-)( GRC GRC Grc 2019-02-14 >> 2019-02-14 >> 2019-02-14 >> 2019-02-14 >> 2019-02-14 >> 2019-02-14 >> 2019-04-28 >> grc 2019-02-14 >> grc ,!500 Company profile 15090184160 2017grc. ... MORE+ 70 2019-09-30 2019-09-20 2019-09-16 GRCGMC 2019-07-16 2019-07-10 2019-07-05 MORE+ grc 2019-11-22 2019-11-01 2019-10-25 2019-10-17 2019-08-13 2019-08-01 MORE+ grc 2019-11-29 grc 2019-11-15 2019-08-15 2019-08-08 GRC 2019-07-12 ? 2019-04-17 Customer case GRC || | | || meatchix.com 15896500710 15090184160 || led 3D led led QQ))->8
((Access Denied)((Access Denied)(Reference #18.34032417.1594502656.1103fbe8)))->1
(( Wendys 13939 Euclid Ave.: fast food, burgers, chicken, chicken sandwiches, salads, Frosty, breakfast, open late, drive thru, meal deals in Cleveland, Ohio)(Skip to content Wendy Website HomeFindFind a Wendy Wendy Website HomeOrderOrderPickupOrderDeliveryOrder PickupOrder DeliveryView Our MenuWhat We ValueWho We AreFind JobsMenuValuesCompanyJobs Return to NavWere still open, and we still got you. Wendys is available via drive-thru or delivery at participating locations, where available. CLICK HERE to choose a delivery provider.All LocationsUSOHCleveland13939 Euclid Ave.Wendy Euclid 150 in Cleveland, OH Opens At 6:30 AM Opens At 6:30 AM Opens At 6:30 AM Opens At 6:30 AM Opens At 6:30 AM Opens At 6:30 AM Opens At 6:30 AMVisit Us Today!Get DirectionsContact13939 Euclid Ave. Cleveland, OH 44112 USMain Number 216 249-7707 216 249-7707Order OnlineGet a RideAt This Location:BreakfastMobile OrderingMobile PaymentOpen LateOpen LateOpen LateOpen LateOpen LateOpen LateRestaurant HoursDay of the WeekHoursMonday11:00 AM - 8:00 PMTuesday11:00 AM - 8:00 PMWednesday11:00 AM - 8:00 PMThursday11:00 AM - 8:00 PMFriday11:00 AM - 8:00 PMSaturday11:00 AM - 8:00 PMSunday11:00 AM - 8:00 PMHoliday Hours May VaryDrive Thru HoursDay of the WeekHoursMonday6:30 AM - 11:00 PMTuesday6:30 AM - 11:00 PMWednesday6:30 AM - 11:00 PMThursday6:30 AM - 11:00 PMFriday6:30 AM - 11:00 PMSaturday6:30 AM - 11:00 PMSunday6:30 AM - 10:00 PMThe Classics are always good. And now also free with purchase.The first breakfast sandwich ever was probably bacon, egg, and cheese on a roll. Or maybe whoever made it went with sausage, egg and cheese on roll. Either way, it was delicious then and its delicious now. But now its actually better because both the Classic Bacon, Egg & Cheese Sandwich and the Classic Sausage, Egg, & Cheese Sandwich are free with any purchase when you use the offer in our app. Classic.START YOUR ORDERFree Spicy Chicken Sandwich w/ Mobile PurchaseIts the original spicy chicken sandwich, and the one you crave. Get one free with any mobile order purchase.START YOUR ORDERWhat New at Wendy Everyones Favorite Sponge is coming to Wendys!This colorful collection is based on The SpongeBob Movie: Sponge On The Run and features all seven main characters as fun, figural clip-ons that kids can carry anywhere. Inside each of the clips, kids will find a cutout paper figure and a camp badge featuring the character.To the ToysGet it DeliveredCraving a Daves Double? Crispy nuggets? A Frosty? Youre in luck. Order Wendys thru DoorDash, Grubhub or Postmates and get it delivered to your door.Order DeliveryIntroducing Pringles BaconatorYou know how youve always wanted to eat an entire stack of Baconator cheeseburgers? Wish granted, my friend. And, check under the Pringles lid for a code thatll get you FREE food in the Wendys app.Learn MoreFeatured Menu ItemsBreakfast BaconatorGrilled sausage, American cheese, Applewood smoked bacon, a fresh-cracked grade A egg, deep breath more cheese and more bacon all covered in swiss cheese sauce. Dont just break your fast. Destroy it.Order NowVanilla Frosty-ccinoSmooth, cold-brewed coffee swirled with our legendary vanilla Frosty mix and served over ice.Order NowHoney Butter Chicken BiscuitA crispy, chicken fillet, perfectly seasoned and topped with maple honey butter on a fluffy buttermilk biscuit. Its sweet, its savory, and its a great reason to get out of bed in the morning.Order NowView MenuFeatured Menu Items2 for $5Pick either a Spicy Chicken Sandwich, a 10 PC. Nuggets or a Homestyle Chicken Sandwich and then choose another one. Its a great deal no matter what you choose.Order NowSummer Strawberry SaladMade fresh daily with our Wendys signature lettuce blend, herb-marinated grilled chicken breast, a three-cheese blend of Parmesan, Asiago, and Fontina, Applewood smoked bacon, and, of course, strawberries. All topped with candied almonds and Marzetti Simply Dressed Champagne Vinaigrette. Raise a glass because this tasty of a salad deserves a toast.Order NowFrosty Cookie SundaeVanilla or Chocolate Frosty topped with Chocolate Chunk Cookie bites and Ghirardelli Chocolate Sauce.Order NowView MenuAbout Wendys 13939 Euclid Ave.At Wendys in Cleveland, OH, we got breakfast, lunch, and dinner. From fresh-cracked eggs to fresh, never-frozen beef, We Got You.Our square-pattied hamburgers always bring the freshness, our chicken sandwiches changed the game, and you know you love our nuggets. But we also got fresh-made salads, hot and crispy fries, even old-school chili and baked potatoes. You can start strong with one of our new breakfast sandwiches and a coffee drink, or satisfy your sweet tooth with a Frosty or something from our bakery. From Kids Meals to meal deals, our menu is stacked with value. So, stop by Wendys at 13939 Euclid Ave. in Cleveland, OH. And dont forget to download our app for restaurant info like hours, menu, nutrition, and exclusive deals. Fresh beef available in the contiguous U.S., Alaska and Canada.wendys.comApple App Store linkGoogle Play linkFrequently Asked QuestionsIs Euclid 150 Wendys still open?Yup! Stop by your local drive-thru or get your favorites delivered where available.Is Wendys delivery available near me?To find out if delivery is available near you, go to our app or order.wendys.com. and enter your delivery address into the Get It Delivered Search Delivery Address field.Is Wendys hiring in Cleveland, OH?To check if this Wendys location is currently hiring, visit our Careers page, enter Cleveland, OH into the appropriate form fields and submit your search. If any jobs are currently available at this location or one nearby, they should appear within the results list. If there are no open positions at your preferred restaurant at the time of your search, we recommend checking back often.How do I contact Wendys with questions or feedback about this location?Feedback about your experience with this Wendys location may be provided to our Customer Care team. To reach out through Live Chat or to leave a message, please visit our Contact page; use 888-624-8140 to call or text. You may also provide feedback by filling out a Wendys Customer Satisfaction Survey. You will need to refer to your receipt for the restaurant number, date and time of visit. If you need to reach this location directly, please call 216 249-7707.Where can I buy Wendys gift cards?Wendys gift cards are available in-restaurant, through several brick & mortar and online retailers and through our own online shop. To place an individual or bulk order online, please visit our gift card portal. Already have a gift card? Check your balance!Where can I find menu pricing?Pricing may vary slightly depending on your location. To see menu prices for the Wendys of your choice, please visit order.wendys.com. or the mobile app. Once youve selected your location, prices should appear for each menu item.Where can I find nutrition and allergen information?This information can be found on our menu website, within our mobile app and in-restaurant. To access via our website or mobile app: Click through to a specific menu item and then select the blue Nutrition & Allergens link found underneath the description and calorie count. If you are on the Wendys website or the mobile app, youll notice that the nutrition statistics will update as you customize your order. A nutrition information poster is also located in each Wendys restaurant. A crew member will be happy to assist in directing you to it.Does Euclid 150 Wendys serve breakfast?Yes, this Wendys location in Cleveland, OH serves breakfast! Go to order.wendys.com. or the mobile app, select this location, and choose from our selection of breakfast combos, croissant, biscuit and classic sandwiches, coffee and sides.Nearby Wendy Locations13246 Cedar Road Opens At 6:30 AM Opens At 6:30 AM Opens At 6:30 AM Opens At 6:30 AM Opens At 6:30 AM Opens At 6:30 AM Opens At 6:30 AM13246 Cedar Road Cleveland Heights, OH 44118 USMain Number 216 502-3404 216 502-3404Get DirectionsVisit Store Page4037 Mayfield Road Opens At 6:30 AM Opens At 6:30 AM Opens At 6:30 AM Opens At 6:30 AM Opens At 6:30 AM Opens At 6:30 AM Opens At 6:30 AM4037 Mayfield Road South Euclid, OH 44121 USMain Number 216 291-4242 216 291-4242Get DirectionsVisit Store Page12000 Buckeye Rd Opens At 6:30 AM Opens At 6:30 AM Opens At 6:30 AM Opens At 6:30 AM Opens At 6:30 AM Opens At 6:30 AM Opens At 6:30 AM12000 Buckeye Rd Cleveland, OH 44120 USMain Number 216 561-0444 216 561-0444Get DirectionsVisit Store Page5815 St. Clair Ave. Opens At 6:30 AM Opens At 6:30 AM Opens At 6:30 AM Opens At 6:30 AM Opens At 6:30 AM Opens At 6:30 AM Opens At 6:30 AM5815 St. Clair Ave. Cleveland, OH 44103 USMain Number 216 881-1990 216 881-1990Get DirectionsVisit Store PageFind a Wendy FoodValuesCompanyJobsGift CardsContact UsInvestorsFranchisingPrivacy PolicyTerms and ConditionsCookies and TrackingSitemapVisit Wendy TwitterVisit Wendy FacebookVisit Wendy Instagram 2018Quality Is Our Recipe, LLC))->8
((Bath & Body Works Semi-Annual Sale Body Care & Home Fragrances)((0 Sign In or Sign Up Sign In or Sign Up Order Tracking My Love-It List Search Catalog Search cancel Menu Search Catalog Search cancel Body Care FEATURED New Body Care Customer Favorites Retired Fragrances Travel Size BATH & SHOWER Body Wash & Shower Gel Bubble Bath Body Scrub MOISTURIZERS Body Lotion Body Cream Body & Massage Oils Hand Cream Shave Lip Gloss & Balms FRAGRANCE Body Sprays & Mists Perfume & Cologne COLLECTIONS Perfect Peony Into the Night Gingham Aromatherapy Body Care Mens Body Care Body Care Offers Top Offers $5 Select Body Care 50% Off Select Body Care Buy 3, Get 2 Free Select Body Care Buy 2, Get 1 Free Trial Size Explore Body Care Close dropdown Hand Soaps FEATURED New Hand Soaps Hand Care HAND SOAPS All Hand Soaps Foaming Soaps Gel Soaps Deep Cleansing Nourishing Soaps Soap Holders HAND SANITIZERS All Hand Sanitizers Hand Soaps Offers Top Offers 6/$26 or 4/$20 Hand Soaps 50% Off Select Hand Soaps Explore Hand Soaps Close dropdown Home Fragrance FEATURED New Home Fragrance The White Barn Shop CANDLES All Candles 3-Wick Candles Single Wick Candles Candle Holders & Accessories AIR FRESHENERS All Wallflowers Wallflowers Plugs Wallflowers Refills Room Sprays & Mists Car Fragrance Home Fragrance Offers Top Offers 50% Off Select Home Fragrance 5/$24 Wallflowers Fragrance Refills 2/$20 Single Wick Candles 3/$20 Room Sprays 3/$9 Car Fragrance Refills Explore Home Fragrance Close dropdown Gifts FEATURED $20 & Under Gifts COLLECTIONS Gifts For Her Gifts For Him Gifts For Home Gift Sets Accessories Gift Wrap GIFT CARDS Gift Cards Gifts Offers Explore Gifts Close dropdown TOP OFFERS Store Locator My Account Sign In or Sign Up Order Tracking My Love-It List Order Tracking Shipping & Returns Shop by Fragrance)(Today Top Offers Online only! Semi-Annual Sale Select Body Care &dollar5 Shop Semi-Annual Sale Select Items 50% Off Shop Online Only! Semi-Annual Sale Select Hand Soaps 50% Off Shop Select Body Care Buy 3, Get 2 FREE Lowest-priced items are free Shop Wallflowers Fragrance Refills 5/&dollar24 Shop Hand Soaps 6/&dollar26 or 4/&dollar20 Limit 12 Shop Single Wick Candles 2/&dollar20 Shop Hand Sanitizers 5-Pack &dollar8 Shop view all offers Promo Details Spread love, not germs: hand sanitizer is back in stock! Shop Sanitizers Heres your first taste of the season ahead. P.S. its delicious! Shop Fall Preview SHOP GIFTS SHOP GIFT CARDS Shop by Category Body Care 3-Wick Candles Wallflowers Hand Soaps Retired Fragrances New Arrivals @BATHANDBODYWORKS Daily inspiration. Instant happiness. Right here. Bath & Body Works Bath and Body Works is your go-to place for gifts & goodies that surprise & delight. From fresh fragrances to soothing skin care, we make finding your perfect something special a happy-memory-making experience. Searching for new seasonal creations or your favorite discontinued scents? Weve got you covered there, too. Oh! And while you e browsing, shop our latest & greatest selection of lotions, soaps and candles! Your browser Javascript functionality is turned off. Please turn it on so that you can experience the full capabilities of this site.)(Get email offers & the latest news from Bath & Body Works! Enter Email Help Bath & Body Works Direct, Inc. 95 West Main Street, New Albany, OH 43054 1-800-756-5005 You may withdraw your consent at anytime. View Privacy Policy. Contact Us Close Confirm Email Get connected Facebook Instagram Twitter YouTube Pinterest Let Us Help! customer care Help & FAQs Shipping Returns & Exchanges Order Tracking Corporate Gifts Contact Us MY ACCOUNT Sign In or Sign Up Order Tracking My Love-It List Discover Our Story Careers Gift Cards Shop by Fragrance Videos Product Ingredients Find Us Store Locator Global Locations Site Map Terms Of Use Privacy Policy California Privacy Rights Do Not Sell My Personal Information California Modern Slavery Transparency Statement Ad Preferences 2020 Bath & Body Works Direct, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Sign up for deals, freebies and news about our latest goodies. ENTER EMAIL Bath & Body Works Direct, Inc. 95 West Main StreetNew Albany, OH 430541-800-756-5005 You may withdraw your consent at anytime. View Privacy Policy Contact Us Oops! Your email must be in the format of name@domain.com. We\ve got some really good things coming your way!)))->6
(( The 1227 Tap Room - Home | Facebook)((Jump toSections of this pageAccessibility HelpPress alt + / to open this menu)(FacebookEmail or PhonePasswordForgot account?)(HomeReviewsPhotosPostsAboutCommunitySee more of The 1227 Tap Room on FacebookLog InorCreate New AccountSee more of The 1227 Tap Room on FacebookLog InForgot account?orCreate New AccountNot NowThe 1227 Tap RoomBar inPhoenix, Arizona55 out of 5 stars.Opens in 40 minutesCommunitySee All378 people like this383 people follow this2 check-insAboutSee All1227 East Northern Avenue 623.53 mi Phoenix, Arizona 85020Get Directions 602 449-7879Contact The 1227 Tap Room on MessengerBarHours 3:00 PM - 7:00 PMOpens in 40 minutesPage TransparencySee MoreFacebook is showing information to help you better understand the purpose of a Page. See actions taken by the people who manage and post content.Page created - June 10, 2020People378 likes2 visitsRelated PagesThrone Brewing-PeoriaBreweryWe Are HologramMusician/BandPhoenix New TimesMedia/News CompanyThe Mick BrasserieBarBuild-A-BikeBicycle ShopArizona Craft Brewers FoundationCharity OrganizationSavanah TrevinoHair SalonA Taste of AZFood & BeverageWren House Brewing CompanyBreweryFannyPackMusician/BandPhiladelphia Sandwich CompanySandwich ShopThe Whining Pig ArcadiaBeer BarPV Pie & WineBarLovecraft: Ale House Bottle Shop Smoke KitchenRestaurantCrazis Hot ChickenRestaurantTap That AZBloggerState 48 Lager HouseBreweryWalter Station BreweryBrewerypigtailsdowntownCocktail BarChedelle Pouquette NMLS 1624316Mortgage BrokersSee Moretriangle-downPlacesPhoenix, ArizonaBarThe 1227 Tap RoomEnglish US Espaol Portugus Brasil Franais France DeutschPrivacy Terms Advertising Ad Choices Cookies More Facebook 2020PhotosSee AllPostsThe 1227 Tap RoomJune 26 at 3:12 PM Due to the current situation with the rise of Covid 19 cases, we have decided to close for the next week. There has been NO positive results from the staff, this is only a precaution. The health and safety of our customers and staff is the number one priority. Stay safe and wear your masks!The 1227 Tap RoomJune 24 at 3:53 PM Exactly. We now have FVCK COVID hazy pale and Pilsner!See AllSee More)))->5
((0)(Current Page: Open Menu Close Menu Current Page:)( info@hingetown.com))->8
((Esporta Fitness | Gym Info | AHWATUKEE | 7810 S. PRIEST DRIVE SUITE D)( Skip to main content Skip to footer site map Leaving this website You are about to leave this site. Click CONTINUE to leave this site or CANCEL to remain on this site Continue Cancel GIFT CARDS US GIFT CARDS CAN GIFT CARDS VIP REWARDS VIP Guest Pass MEMBER LOGIN ABOUT ESPORTA FITNESS Why Join Career Opportunities Events/News Contact Us Privacy Policy Corporate Programs GROUP FITNESS PERSONAL TRAINING MEMBER TOOLS Create Online Account My Esporta My Club My Personal Training Add a VIP Guest Billing Information Membership Questions Mobile App FIND CLUB FIND CLASS ABOUT ESPORTA FITNESS Why Join Career Opportunities Events/News Contact Us Privacy Policy Corporate Programs GROUP FITNESS PERSONAL TRAINING MEMBER TOOLS Create Online Account My Esporta My Club My Personal Training Add a VIP Guest Billing Information Membership Questions Mobile App MEMBER LOGIN FIND A CLUB Find Class Near You Find Club Find Class AHWATUKEE Club Closure InformationClosure AreaFromToReasonEntire club6/29/2020 8:00 PM7/30/2020 6:00 AMNational Emergency Club Address 7810 S. PRIEST DRIVE SUITE D TEMPE, AZ 85284 Phone: 480 496-8805 Club Map Schedule a Tour Group Fitness Schedule View Kids Klub Hours KIDS KLUB HOURSMon - SunClosed View Trainers for this Club Get Guest Pass View Club Hours CLUB HOURSMon - Fri5:00am - 10:00pmSat - Sun8:00am - 8:00pm *Holiday hours may vary. Online Membership $99 Initiation fee $9.99 per month Single Club Online - Easy Start OR $49 Initiation fee $19.99 per month Multi Club Online - Easy Start - Single State Certain terms and restrictions apply. See details below.* Club Managers Club Amenities / Features* Pool Hours Basketball* Group Fitness Classes* Group Personal Training* Indoor Pool* Kids Klub* Personal Training* Racquetball* Sauna Towels* Wi-Fi whirlpool Spa* Other Services* Hair Salon - Fitness Cut * In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, hours of operation and amenities available may vary depending upon state and local public health mandates. Please contact club for details. Memberships require an initiation fee, monthly dues and an annual fee, as indicated on membership agreement, except as required by law. Memberships are subject to a cancellation fee if cancelled before the fourth monthly dues payment is due. Recurring monthly charges and annual fees must be paid by electronic funds transfer from a checking or savings account or automatic transfer from an accepted credit or debit card. Must be 16 years of age or older or at least 13 years of age and accompanied by a parent or legal guardian , sign membership agreement, and pay an initiation fee at enrollment to join. A parent or legal guardian must sign membership agreement on behalf of members under 18 years of age. This offer is not available in combination with other discounted rates, coupons or promotions. Access to certain amenities and services including but not limited to all wet areas, courts, group exercise classes, studio cycling, and personal training are not included in all membership types. Personal training services are subject to an additional agreement and requires payment of an additional fee. Offer is subject to change without notice and may end at any time. Additional terms and/or restrictions may apply. Amenities may vary by location and some may require an additional fee. Access based on membership type. Photos depict a typical Esporta Fitness club. Facilities and amenities may vary by location. Information Close Close EsportaCareer OpportunitiesContact UsTerms and ConditionsOnline Privacy PolicyIn-Club Privacy PolicyADA ComplianceNews Esporta FitnessFind a ClubGuest Pass Benefits of MembershipWhy JoinGroup Fitness ClassesPersonal TrainingMobile Applications Becoming a MemberJoin NowSchedule a Tour Corporate MembershipsInformation RequestCorporate BillingCorporate Check-In Member ToolsCreate an AccountMy EsportaSchedule Personal TrainingAdd a VIP GuestBilling Information Home | Terms & Conditions | Online Privacy Policy | In-Club Privacy Policy | ADA Compliance 2020 Esporta Fitness. All rights reserved. F-0443 7/2/2020 1:09:13 PM))->1
(( Calgary North - Hot Tubs | Pool Tables | Home Entertainment | SML)(Reach us at: 403 291-1666 MenuHOMEProductsPOOL TABLESBrunswickPlank & HideHOT TUBSBeachcomberCaldera SpasFree FlowFOOSBALL TABLESSHUFFLEBOARDAIR HOCKEYDART BOARDSTABLE TENNISARCADE GAMESPINBALLWATER CARECaldera SpasBeachcomberSanimarcSAUNAGAZEBOServiceLocationsHead OfficeCalgary NorthCalgary SouthRed DeerLethbridgeStoreHot Tub Water Care OnlineCartContactAbout us Search 3605 32 St NE, CA AB T1Y 5Y9 https://g.page/sml-entertainment-calgary [emailprotected]inment.com 403 291-1666 World Class Fitness Trainers Calgary North 3605 32 St NE, CA AB T1Y 5Y9 [emailprotected] 403 291-1666 With over 7,000 square feet of hot tubs, pool tables and home entertainment products were sure that you will find just what you are looking for. Our Calgary North retail location is located just down the street from Costco and Sunridge mall on 32nd Street and just a few blocks north of 32nd Avenue. It is attached to our head office and almost 30,000 square feet of warehouse space. We usually have on our floor over 15 models of pool tables, 3 or 4 models of table tennis, and lots of hot tubs, gazebos, patio umbrellas and patio furniture to turn your backyard into your own private daily escape from the stress and pressures of day to day life. World Class Fitness Trainers SML SERVICEWE can fix your game room CLICK HERETO REQUEST YOUR SERVICE SERVICE GET PRICING FINANCING BROCHURES REQUEST PRICE NOW! HOURS Mon-Sat: 9am to 5pm Sun:Closed CALL US: +1 403 291-1666 HOME Products Service Locations Store Cart Contact About us Type and Press enter to Search))->5
((Change Web Site Bahrain | Arabic Bahrain | English Belgium | Dutch Belgium | English Belgium | French Canada | English Canada | French France | French Germany | German Hong Kong | Chinese Hong Kong | English Ireland | English Italy | English Italy | Italian Kuwait | Arabic Kuwait | English Luxembourg | English Luxembourg | French Malaysia | Chinese Malaysia | English Netherlands | English Netherlands | Dutch Oman | Arabic Oman | English Qatar | Arabic Qatar | English Saudi Arabia | Arabic Saudi Arabia | English Singapore | English Spain | Spanish Switzerland | English Switzerland | French Switzerland | German United Arab Emirates | Arabic United Arab Emirates | English United Kingdom | English United States | English Close)((open menu Locations Order Menu Careers United States | English)(x Locations Order Careers Menu Allergen and Ingredient List Info Gift Cards Purchase Gift Cards Balance Inquiry Fans The Five Guys Story Five Guys Gear Contact Us Press CA Transparency in Supply Chain Act Franchise Privacy Policy Do Not Sell My Personal Information))( Handcrafted Burgers & Fries since 1986 Welcome to Five Guys Order Carousel content begins Join The Team Be This Months Five Guys Fan Carousel content ends Locations Order Careers Menu Allergen and Ingredient List Info Gift Cards Purchase Gift Cards Balance Inquiry Fans The Five Guys Story Five Guys Gear Contact Us Press CA Transparency in Supply Chain Act Franchise Privacy Policy Do Not Sell My Personal Information))->8
(( TCC at 2162 E Williams Field Rd in Gilbert, AZ | Verizon Wireless Retailer, Smartphones, Tablets)((Skip to content)((Return to Nav)(HomeOffersThe TCC DifferenceCareersLocationsHomeOffersThe TCC DifferenceCareersLocations)(All TCC LocationsAZGilbert2162 E Williams Field Rd)(Introducing Curbside ServiceGet full wireless service without leaving your car! Just pull up and give us a call to let us know youre here. Available at select locations. Call us to see if we offer it. Learn more about TCCs response to COVID-19 here.TCC Gilbert AZ San Tan Village Mall 11:00 AM - 7:00 PM 11:00 AM - 7:00 PM 11:00 AM - 7:00 PM 11:00 AM - 7:00 PM 11:00 AM - 7:00 PM 11:00 AM - 7:00 PM 12:00 PM - 6:00 PM 11:00 AM - 7:00 PM 11:00 AM - 7:00 PM 11:00 AM - 7:00 PM 11:00 AM - 7:00 PM 11:00 AM - 7:00 PM 11:00 AM - 7:00 PM 12:00 PM - 6:00 PMStore HoursDay of the WeekHoursMonday11:00 AM - 7:00 PMTuesday11:00 AM - 7:00 PMWednesday11:00 AM - 7:00 PMThursday11:00 AM - 7:00 PMFriday11:00 AM - 7:00 PMSaturday11:00 AM - 7:00 PMSunday12:00 PM - 6:00 PMAddress2162 E Williams Field Rd #324 Gilbert, AZ 85295 USMain Number 480 899-3238 480 899-3238Get DirectionsGet DealsStore HoursDay of the WeekHoursMonday11:00 AM - 7:00 PMTuesday11:00 AM - 7:00 PMWednesday11:00 AM - 7:00 PMThursday11:00 AM - 7:00 PMFriday11:00 AM - 7:00 PMSaturday11:00 AM - 7:00 PMSunday12:00 PM - 6:00 PMTCC is a Top WorkplaceWe are so excited to announce that TCC has been named a Top Workplace in Indiana by IndyStar! This award is extra special because the winners are solely determined by feedback from our current employees. Start your career in wireless sales now. Do you have a passion for technology? Do you thrive in an environment where you can connect with people and solve problems? Work for the largest Verizon Authorized Retailer in the country, where we equip you with the skills you need to grow.Learn MoreTrade and save big on our best smartphones.Get up to $550 when adding a line and trading in an eligible smartphone. Switch to Verizon and get $150 more. Upgrade and save $250. Includes Samsung Galaxy S20 series, Note10 series, Google Pixel 4, Pixel 4 XL, LG V60, Motorola Razr, iPhone XS, XS Max, and 11 series. Premium Unlimited plan required.School Rocks Backpack Giveaway 2020The School Rocks Backpack Giveaway is happening Sunday, July 26 from 1-4PM. TCC stores across the country will be giving away free backpacks filled with school supplies. While supplies last. One backpack per child.About TCC Gilbert AZ San Tan Village Mall TCC Gilbert AZ San Tan Village Mall , a Verizon Authorized Retailer, is your one stop shop for all of your phone and wireless service needs. Come to TCC for smartphones, tablets, dish & cable service, and home internet. We offer a wide selection of devices along with Verizon 4G LTE network coverage. Come visit us at 2218 E Williams Field Rd.www.tccrocks.comNearby LocationsNearby LocationsTCC Chandler AZ Chandler Blvd. Mall 3111 W Chandler Blvd Ste 1216 Chandler, AZ 85226 US 480 858-0800 480 858-0800View Store PageGet DirectionsToday Hours: 10:00 AM - 9:00 PM 10:00 AM - 9:00 PM 10:00 AM - 9:00 PM 10:00 AM - 9:00 PM 10:00 AM - 9:00 PM 10:00 AM - 9:00 PM 11:00 AM - 6:00 PM8.92TCC Scottsdale AZ Pavilions 8980 E Indian Bend Rd Ste D6 Scottsdale, AZ 85250 US 480 270-5400 480 270-5400View Store PageGet DirectionsToday Hours: 9:00 AM - 8:00 PM 9:00 AM - 8:00 PM 9:00 AM - 8:00 PM 9:00 AM - 8:00 PM 9:00 AM - 8:00 PM 9:00 AM - 8:00 PM 12:00 PM - 5:00 PM18.00 Find a Location FacebookTwitterInstagramYouTubeLinkedInChatAppPrivacy Policy|Terms of Service|Contact Us 2015 TCC. All rights reserved))))->0
(b)->0
(( Ocotillo Internal Medicine Associates)(((245 S. Dobson Rd. . Chandler, 85224 | 3503 S. Mercy Rd. . Gilbert 85297 T: 480.895.5870 | F: 480.895.0573 Skip to content MENUMENUHomeOur Providers PhysiciansPhysician Assistants Medical Services Primary CareHealth Care for WomenFAA PhysicalsCoumadin ClinicMake A Payment FormsPractice PoliciesCovid-19)(Women Health Same /Next Day Visits Make A Payment Patient Portal Contact)( 2014 Ocotillo Internal Medicine Associates All Rights Reserved :: Home | Our Providers | Medical Services | Practice Policies :: Hosting by GWP))(COVID 19 Warning: Ocotillo Internal Medicine is dedicated to the health of our patients. Due to the increase in COVID 19 cases and deaths in Arizona we will continue with the following precautions: 1. Majority of visits will be done virtual by Telemedicine, 2. Any patient who comes into the office must have an appointment, be prescreened by a staff member and wear a mask while in the office. 3. To prevent walk in traffic the doors will be locked. 4. All of our staff members and providers will be required to wear a mask and we will continue our intensive sanitation measures. We understand that some of these measures are inconvenient but it is for the safety of all.)))->2
(mb 20161128 09:54 ... ... ...... ... ... ... mb 201611 9 00:01 NHK 2 1 mb 20161028 06:40 Powered by Movable Type Pro)->5
((Garage Epoxy Flooring The Queen City | GarageExperts)((704.870.4309 Residential Flooring Industrial Flooring Commercial Flooring Garage Cabinets Slatwall Services Idea Center Gallery Designer Idea Center Gallery Idea Center Designer Recent Work About Us Other Locations Charlotte Call Today! 704.870.4309 Epoxy Flooring Garage Storage Residential Industrial Commercial Cabinets Slatwall)( GET YOUR FREE ESTIMATE TODAY Our experts will be on-site to give you a customized estimate. Don Miss Out! Our products will be tailored and expertly installed to fit your needs. Start the journey to creating an amazing space! START NOW Schedule Today Call Us Epoxy Flooring and Garage Storage in Charlotte Your garage makeover begins with our Garage FX epoxy & polyaspartic flooring. Our installation experts specialize in turning old, dirty, or cracked concrete into a beautiful flooring surface that will make your garage the envy of the neighborhood. Every garage floor installation starts with our proprietary epoxy coating. Using our unique "Fusion Technology", our coating has up to 3 times better adhesion quality than standard industrial-grade epoxy & polyaspartic coatings. Our proprietary epoxy "fuses" deep into the concrete floor to provide the foundation needed to offer a "Lifetime Warranty". Our Garage FX epoxy won peel from the concrete floor... Period! While the epoxy begins to "fuse" to the concrete, our experts apply the decorative media of your choice onto the epoxy, providing a seamless multi-color appearance to the entire garage floor. The final step is the application of the Garage FX Ultra High Solids Polyaspartic clear top coat that will provide a smooth mirror-like gloss to your floor. Our Ultra High Solids Polyaspartic has fewer solvents, resulting in more build and less solvent odor than comparable garage floor coating systems. Epoxy Flooring Benefits: Specifically designed for concrete floors. Proprietary fusion technology provides adhesion to concrete floors that is up to 3x stronger than comparable products. Low solvent formula, more material can dive deep into the concrete floor for a tenacious bond that just wont peel. Adhesion is so strong that it will withstand up to 8 lbs. of MVE, where others are limited to 3 lbs. Allows for one-day installation Polyaspartic Top Coat Benefits: Designed to be a tough resilient top coat to protect the underlying epoxy flooring. Extremely abrasion resistant Creates a mirror-like glossy finish also available in matte finish . Dries fast, allowing you to return items to your garage the same day. UV-stable and doesn yellow. Hot tire resistant. Low-odor options that leave more product on the floor and less solvent smell in the air. Get a FREE Garage Stop! Receive a FREE PopStops garage stop when you get a complete garage makeover. Learn More Other Reasons To Choose GarageExperts Color Choices With 140+ different epoxy flooring options to choose from, you\ll be able to design a custom flooring and cabinet solution that suits your design needs. Lifetime Warranty Our proprietary epoxy floor coatings is made in the USA, and backed by an unparalleled lifetime warranty. Convenience We can install your garage floor coating and garage storage solution in as little as one day. Peace of Mind Quality is our top priority. We provide quality garage enhancement solutions that are designed to be both beautiful and long lasting. Start Now Heres What Our Customers Say I\m so happy with the Epoxy Floor and Cabinets garage experts applied/installed! Mark was extremely helpful with the decision process, offering us a ton of samples to choose from. He also went above and beyond to meet our timeline. The guys were also great to work with and always right on time! Thank you Garage Experts of Charlotte for making our "Garage" next level !! Blinda S. For Waxhaw, Nc 28173 March 13, 2020 From start to finish Mark and his crew from Garage Experts of Charlotte did an amazing job on our garage makeover. Our epoxy flooring looks AMAZING!! It easy to clean, no more dusty bare concrete and the garage cabinets have more the enough storage to keep thinks up off the floor and put away. Thanks again Mark, you and your crew made this a fun experience. Zane R. from Waxhaw, Nc. March 4, 2020 Your crew was excellent. They could not have been better. We really appreciated it and will definitely recommend you and your team to folks!! Also as a side comment, they spoke very favorably of you and spoke appreciatively that you allow them to do their job the right way instead of just pushing quantity over quality. Not this song you typically hear from a crew, so I wanted to pass it along !! Curran Crecenti, Huntersville Nc. June 19, 2019 The guys did a great job yesterday. The garage floor looks beautiful. I think I need to invite some friends over for a picnic blanket dinner on it! Thanks, Mark Linda Watts - Cornelius, Nc. June 18, 2019 When I met your two guys, they saw the problem, offered a solution, and did exactly what they said they were going to do and left my house immaculate, including my driveway. Great Job Garage Experts of the Queen City. Frank Defeo, Huntersville, Nc. June 7, 2019 Good Evening Mark I have been remiss in getting this to you but wanted to say thanks you for your efforts in assisting with the completion of our warranty claim. Your communication was consistent, timely and followed by the actions we agreed upon. Much appreciated and thanks again. Gary F. Concord May 21, 2019 Mark and team put in a very long day to get my garage floor done, and it looks terrific! Very detailed work, and it was everything he said it would be. I highly recommend! Hannah from Denver, Nc. April 3, 2019 I had wanted to upgrade my garage for some time and the flooring was a key part of the project. Therefore, it was important to select the right people to perform the work. Mark and his team did an outstanding job. They did what they said they were going to do and when they said they were going to do it. They were very professional and patient in answering all my questions. I recommend Garage Experts of the Queen City for anyone who insists on quality work. Jim for Mooresville, Nc. April 3, 2019 Awesome service! Mark worked around my tight schedule and got the project done in time for a Christmas surprise. He kept in contact with me throughout the work. My garage looks so amazing now that we don want to park inside of it anymore. Kendra for Mattews, Nc. April 1, 2019 "I feel compelled to shout out how good the service and quality of work is from Garage Experts of the Queen City . Mark was my main contact. It great to support a well-run family business like this one. I had them do an epoxy floor and cabinets. The whole process from quote to install was professional. I can recommend their work enough. Tony from Waxhaw, Nc. April 1, 2019 View Some of Our Recent Installations With over 40,000,000 square-Feet of Garage FX Flooring already applied our industrial strength epoxy floor coatings are proven to last. View Larger Residential Garage Epoxy Flooring and Cabinet Storage Solution in Weddington, Nc July 9, 2020 View Larger Residential Garage Epoxy Flooring and Cabinet Storage Solution in Cornelius, Nc July 2, 2020 View Larger Residential Garage Epoxy Flooring in Davidson, Nc June 23, 2020 View Larger Residential Epoxy Flooring in Corneilus, Nc June 10, 2020 See More of Our Recent Work Serving the Greater Charlotte Area Charlotte, Concord, Cornelius, Davidson, Denver, Harrisburg, Huntersville, Indian Trail, Matthews, Mint Hill, Monroe, Mooresville, Sherrills Ford, Waxhaw, Weddington Not in our primary coverage area? No Problem! We e happy to service your needs if you reside outside our coverage area. Call us today to set-up your free in-home estimate appointment. Get an Estimate Call 704.870.4309, or complete this form in one easy step to schedule a FREE on-site estimate. A GarageExperts representative will contact you shortly after. Full Name* Email* Phone Number* Zip Code* Comments *Required Fields Submit Thanks for contacting us! We will contact you shortly. There was a problem submitting your information. Please, try again later. Notice: Information entered on this page will not be used to send unsolicited email, and will not be sold to a 3rd party. Learn more within our Privacy Policy. The leading, lifetime warranty, epoxy floor coating, cabinet and organization company. GarageExperts is a national, vertically integrated provider of quality garage cabinets, epoxy floor coating systems and organizational products. We provide value to our Franchise Partner and their customers, by offering the largest variety of product choices and solutions all backed with a lifetime warranty. GarageExperts Idea Center Gallery Idea Center Designer About Us Recent Work Other locations Products Residential Flooring Industrial Flooring Commercial Flooring Garage Cabinets Slatwall More Franchise Opportunities Warranty Site Map Privacy Policy 2020 GarageExperts. All rights reserved. Each location is an independently owned and operated franchise of GarageExperts International, LLC.)))->0
((STQI Toronto Downtown Shaolin Temple Quanfa Institute Canada Authentic and Traditional Shaolin Martial Arts in Toronto, Markham, and Montreal Offering School, Classes, and Instruction in Shaolin Kung Fu Martial Arts, Qi Gong/ Chi Kung, Meditation, and Cultural Arts and Workshops)((Shaolin Temple Quanfa Institute Markham HQ Downtown Toronto Toronto East Mississauga East Scarborough Alberta Milton Quebec Shaolin Luohan Temple)( STQI Toronto Downtown Including Toronto East and Mississauga Extension Schools 393 Dundas Street West, 2nd Floor Toronto, Ontario M5T 1G6 647-724-8004 info@stqitoronto.com Home About Our Story Our School Our Team Instructor Program Grading Financial Aid FAQ Classes Scheduling & Pricing Shaolin Classes Wudang Classes Wing Chun Classes Chinese Instrument Classes Events Meditation Workshops Shaolin Retreat Kids Camps Open House Gallery Videos Store Register School reopening for classes for September 2020 T3 Fall Term - Click here for the scheduleClick here for our store and registration system at store.stqitoronto.comOnline courses for Shaolin kung fu, qigong, and meditation - Click here to go to learnshaolin.com!Click here to sign up for our eNewsletterRegistration open for Kids Kung Fu day camps - click here! If you are interested in taking Shaolin classes but dont know where to start, try this first: https://stqitoronto.com/how-do-i-get-started-in-shaolin-kung-fu-or-qi-gong/ Welcome to STQI Toronto! Hi! My name is Shi Chang Dao and I am the Chief Instructor of the downtown Toronto school. I opened the school in the fall of 2011 under the guidance of my Shi Fu, Master Shi Guo Song. He is an authentic Shaolin monk that still practices traditional Shaolin kung fu martial arts, qi gong, and chan. Our North American culture is very good at creating a structured lifestyle yet it does not teach us how to be strong physically or mentally from within as we experience life. I am very grateful to be able to pass on his teachings to help others through martial arts kung fu, qi gong, meditation, and philosophy. My school aspires to help people of any age, any ethnicity, and any religious background. By joining my school you are making the effort to dedicate time and resources for improving yourself. Shi Chang Dao, 35th Generation Shaolin Disciple Latest News and Blogs Summer Camp for Kids Registration Now Open! Were pleased to announce that our registration for kids camps are now open! This summer we are offering 5 weeks of kids camps from August 3 to September 4. There may be COVID restrictions imposed by the government such... Read More New Online Training System at LearnShaolin.com! Learn Kung Fu, Qigong, and Meditation Online Weve been working very hard since the beginning of March to put together a fun and progressive system for learning the Shaolin arts of kung fu, qigong, and meditation! For more information:... Read More Erhu Chinese Instrument Classes Now Offered at the Downtown Toronto School Above: We ran a free erhu workshop last Saturday and heres quick YouTube video to help you appreciate this awesome instrument and meet our teachers! We are pleased to announce that erhu Chinese instrument music classes will now be... Read More Introducing Our Erhu Teachers at Next Saturdays Free Chinese Music Concert and Workshop On Saturday, February 8, 2020 at 6pm we will have a free Erhu concert and workshop. We want to promote the Erhu Chinese music instrument and generate awareness of er hu classes starting at our downtown Toronto STQI school... Read More Kids Day Care at STQI in Response to the Teacher Strike Weve been asked by a few parents to consider offering a temporary day care during the strike days. If there is enough interest, we will announce the days that we can make the school available with adult supervision and... Read More Why Qigong May be the Ultimate Health and Wellness Benefit for Employees Is your work stressful or fast-paced? Many people spend 8-10 hours working and sitting at the office all day and feel overworked. This is not good for anyone as health and productivity declines while companies struggle to meet their... Read More Free Erhu Chinese Music Performance and Workshop on February 8, 2020! We are hosting a free Erhu Chinese Music Performance and Workshop at the downtown Toronto school at 393 Dundas Street West, 2nd Floor. Everyone with an interest in Chinese instrumental music is welcome to come and attend. Registration is... Read More Partnering with Canadian Chinese Canadian CCO to Bring Erhu Classes to the Downtown Area We are pleased to announce that the Canadian Chinese Orchestra has recently partnered with STQI Toronto! This partnership brings accessibility to Chinese Music Instrument classes in the downtown area. Under the leadership of Amely Zhou, an accomplished and well... Read More A Photo Blog of the First Two Weeks of Winter Term Classes at STQI Classes have begun and many students are training hard to strive and improve themselves. Its amazing how much goes on in a just a few days! Were proud that our school seeks to provide the best environment for people... Read More Winter Term Begins January 6, 2020! The break is over and we look forward to a fresh start for 2020! Classes begin January 6. Read More)))->1
(( Las Vegas Show Tickets | V Theater Box Office)((866.932.1818 Sign Up Login My CartCAREERS)( Toggle navigation Home Shows VEGAS! THE SHOW V - The Ultimate Variety Show Zombie Burlesque Stripper 101 Beatleshow The Mentalist ALL SHOOK UP Hitzville The Show Las Vegas Live Comedy Club Marc Savard Comedy Hypnosis Nathan Burton Magic Show Popovich Comedy Pet Theater THE JETS 80 & 90 Experience at V Theater Nightlife About About Us Saxe Theater V Theater Saxe Theater Stage - Showgirl Bootcamp Dinner Upgrade VIP Upgrade VCard Upgrade Best Shows in Vegas Las Vegas Shows Las Vegas Show Ticket Deals Las Vegas Broadway Shows Things to do in Las Vegas Contact Sign Up Login My Cart CAREERS VEGAS! THE SHOW 7:00pm & 9:00pm Nightly Get Tickets More information V - The Ultimate Variety Show 7:00pm & 8:30pm Nightly Get Tickets More information Zombie Burlesque 8:30PM Except Sunday Get Tickets More information Stripper 101 Classes Daily! Get Tickets More information Beatleshow 5:30pm Monday - Thursday Get Tickets More information The Mentalist 7:30pm Except Wednesday Get Tickets More information ALL SHOOK UP 6:00pm Nightly Get Tickets More information Hitzville The Show 5:30pm Except Sunday Get Tickets More information Las Vegas Live Comedy Club 9:00pm Nightly Get Tickets More information Marc Savard Comedy Hypnosis 10:00pm Except Friday Get Tickets More information Nathan Burton Magic Show 4:00pm Except Monday Get Tickets More information Popovich Comedy Pet Theater 4:00pm Except Monday & Sunday Get Tickets More information THE JETS 80 & 90 Experience at V Theater 7:00PM Except Sunday & Monday Get Tickets More information 3663 S Las Vegas Blvd #454A Las Vegas, NV 89109 US 866 932-1818 tickets@saxetheater.com www.saxetheater.com 3663 S Las Vegas Blvd #360A Las Vegas, NV 89109 US 866 932-1818 tickets@vtheater.com www.vtheater.com Quick Links Dinner Upgrade VIP Upgrade VCard Upgrade Group Request Resources Contact Us About Us Become an Affiliate Terms of Service Privacy Policy Sitemap Employment and Careers Copyright 2020 V Theater Box Office.)))->5
(( 410 Gone | VisitNC.com)((This site requires that javascript is enabled. Please turn on for a full experience.)( COVID-19 AdvisoryTravel GuidesE-News1-800-VISITNCThings to DoCities & RegionsEventsPlan Your VisitFirsts That Last 410 GoneYouve discovered the Road to Nowhere.HomeThings To DoCities & RegionsThe Road to Nowhere in Bryson City See something wrong? Tell us about it. Ratings Powered by TripAdvisor 1-800-VISITNCContact UsGet ListedMedia Ratings Powered by TripAdvisor 2020 Economic Development Partnership of North Carolina EDPNC - Privacy - Terms of Use FIRSTS THAT LAST and the NC design are service marks of the EDPNC.)))->5
((Home Page)(((Main Navigation Home Page About Us Services Contact Us Guestbook)(Mint Hill Barber Shop Home Page Mint Hill Barber Shop 11211 Lawyers Rd. Suite 116 Mint Hill NC 28227 704-573-3373 Hours: Tuesday thru Friday 7am till 5:30pm Saturday 7am till 1pm Like The Mint Hill Barbershop on Facebook! Proud Sponsor of Independence High SchoolEst. 1993 Proud to be your Family Barber Shop for over Twenty Seven Years !))(Content copyright . MINTHILLBARBERSHOP.COM. All rights reserved.)))->6
((Heating & Cooling Services in Calgary, Edmonton, & Red Deer Action Furnace 4086 Ogden Rd SE Calgary Alberta T2G 4P7 587 315-5114 https://actionfurnace.ca/wp-content/uploads/2016/05/action-furnace-logo.png https://actionfurnace.ca Action Furnace 12155 Fort Rd NW Edmonton Alberta T5B 4H2 587 409-0120 https://actionfurnace.ca/wp-content/uploads/2016/05/action-furnace-logo.png https://actionfurnace.ca Action Furnace Bay 2, 7459 Edgar Industrial Bend Red Deer Alberta T4P 3Z5 587 802-1802 https://actionfurnace.ca/wp-content/uploads/2016/05/action-furnace-logo.png https://actionfurnace.ca)(((587 507-3834 587 507-3904 587 328-1819 587 848-8395 587 848-8433 833 538-0754 833 553-0562 855 957-4698 587 802-1143 587 802-1552 587 802-2065 587 802-2759 587 802-2874 587 802-4545 587 802-4598)(Toggle navigation Air Conditioning Air Conditioner Installation Air Conditioner Repair Air Conditioner Tune-Up Furnaces Furnace Installation Furnace Repair Furnace Tune-Up Furnace & Duct Cleaning Air Filtration Systems Humidifiers Hot Water Heaters Hot Water Heater Installation Tankless Hot Water Heaters Indoor Air Quality Air Filtration Systems Humidifiers Duct Cleaning Contact Calgary Edmonton Red Deer More Home About Blog Recruitment Centre Total Comfort Club Financing Contact Calgary Edmonton Red Deer)(Home About Blog Recruitment Centre Total Comfort Club Financing Contact Calgary Edmonton Red Deer))( Furnace Tune-Ups only $149 and Get a FREE Air Duct Sanitization with Every Duct Clean! Book a Service Trusted Furnace, Air Conditioner, & Water Heater Repair/Installation Services.Based in Calgary, Edmonton, and Red Deer. Services Furnaces Whether you need a new furnace or your existing furnace repaired, you can trust the experts at Action Furnace to do the job right! Read More Air Conditioning Action Furnace introduces affordable air conditioning to Calgary, Edmonton, and Red Deer! We install and service quality air conditioners- perfect for those hot Alberta summers! Read More Hot Water Heaters We install and service a wide variety of hot water heaters, including conventional hot water tanks and modern tankless hot water heaters. Read More Duct Cleaning Weve been cleaning Albertas ducts since 1975! No other company offers the same blend of experience and quality of workmanship than Action Furnace. Read More Guarantees Fixed Right or It Free If one of our Furnace or Air Conditioning repairs should fail during the first heating or cooling season, we will repair it again absolutely FREE. We will also return 100% of your original investment. Action Furnace: where repairs are always Fixed Right or Its Free. Lowest Price Guarantee We are one of Albertas largest furnace companies. We also have an Apples to Apples guarantee. We promise you that you cannot find a comparable furnace or air conditioner installation with the same quality and guarantees for less or well pay you a $250 bonus over the difference. All we ask is that the comparison be apples to apples. $500 Installation Date Guarantee When you choose Action Furnace for your new furnace or air conditioner installation, you also benefit from a selection of new installation guarantees which will ensure the ideal heating and cooling system for you and your home. If we do not arrive to install your new furnace or air conditioner on the date promised, we will pay you $500 for your inconvenience. Two Year Trial Guarantee We guarantee that if after 2 years the equipment and service we provided does not meet your expectations we will remove the equipment and return 100% of your investment plus interest. Watch our video to learn more about how Action Furnace has been Albertas comfort leader since 1975. Request a Service Customer Testimonials The on call person did some trouble shooting with me over the phone before sending someone out. Saved me $120. When something is actually wrong with my furnace this will be my first call. Jonathan Henn Our furnace went out suddenly in a cold snap. Surprisingly I had someone there within 2 hours. It was discovered we would definitely need a new furnace, but the tech got it running good enough so at least we would have some heat. The whole process was only a few days, from having someone to come and do a quote, to installation. Everyone I dealt with was great, from the gal in the office, to all the techs. There were there when they said they would be there and cleaned up like there was no one even there. No hidden costs, everything was laid out for us. I would highly recommend Action! Kathy Gamble Great workworker was checking over my ac systemhe overly checked everything and made sure it was 100% . Very happy Brian L Previous Next Read More Google Reviews Caught In An Emergency? We\ve Got You Covered. We have operators available 24/7/365 in the event of a heating, cooling, or hot water heater emergency. If you require emergency assistance pick up the phone and call us right now! Always Available Emergency 24/7 Service Available when you need us! We are prepared to tackle your emergency 24 hours a day! Available Year Round Available Year Round You can call Action Furnace any day, any time. Emergency service on holidays. Quality Guaranteed Quality Guaranteed No-hassle guarantees means that you can feel confident about our work. Local To You Local To You Born and raised in Alberta, proudly serving Calgary, Edmonton, and Red Deer. Alberta Chooses Action Furnace! Since 1975 weve worked hard to build an exceptional reputation based on customer loyalty, excellent service, and quality products and repairs. 10,000 Furnace Installations Action Furnace has been in business since 1975 and knows what it takes to do the job right. 8,000 Service Calls Per Year 2,000 of those calls are performed after hours. 1,000 5-Star Reviews on Google In a recent survey of 2,500 clients, 92% responded saying they would recommend Action Furnace to their friends and family. Calgary Edmonton Red Deer Or Book Online. Financing Available As Low As $42/Month. Furnace Installation & Repair Its no secret that Calgary, Edmonton, and Red Deer getreally cold in the winter months. This is why Action Furnace offers first-class furnace services, including both new furnace installation and repair of your existing furnace. New Furnace Installation Action Furnace carries a variety of furnaces from the most popular manufacturers, giving you options when it comes to choosing the right furnace for your home. Our comfort specialists will assist you in choosing the appropriate furnace based on your needs, and our expert installation technicians will ensure the installation process is as painless and efficient as possible. Existing Furnace Repair Backed by ourFixed Right or Its Free guarantee, our furnace repair services will leave your furnace in tip-top shape and running as efficiently as possible. We have decades of experience diagnosing and repairing furnaces and would be happy to lend our experience when you need it. Remember, in the event that you need an emergency furnace repair we offer 24/7/365 service. Air Conditioner Installation & Repair Theres nothing better than whole-home comfort on those hot summer days, and nothing makes your home comfortable like a high-efficiency air conditioner. Call us to find out how you could own a whole-home air conditioner for as low as $42/month. Air ConditionerInstallation Tired of laying in bed at night sweating? Are you running two or more portable or window-mounted air conditioners already? A whole-home air conditioner may be just what youre looking for! Our comfort specialists will walk you through the variety of air conditioners that we offer and help you pick the one that is right for your needs. Air conditioner installation is done by our expert installation technicians, meaning you can rest easy knowing that your air conditioner was installed properly and efficiently. Air ConditionerRepair All our air conditioner repair services are backed by ourFixed Right or Its Free guarantee. Our technicians will quickly diagnose the problem and recommend the appropriate repair. If your air conditioner unexpectedly fails, call us and well arrange a diagnosis as soon as possible! Remember, in the event that you need an emergency air conditionerrepair we offer 24/7/365 service. Hot Water Heater Installation & Repair If you need a new hot water heater either a conventional hot water tank or a tankless hot water heater or require your existing hot water heater to be repaired, you can trust Action Furnace to get the job done quickly and cost-efficiently. New Hot Water Heater Installation We sell, service, and install a range of high-efficiency hot water heaters in a variety of sizes. Our focus is on providing the right type of hot water heater for your home, and our comfort specialist will walk you through your options and the benefits of each so that you can make an informed decision. Hot Water HeaterRepair If youre tired of cold showers, call Action Furnace! All hot water heater repairs are backed by ourFixed Right or Its Free guarantee, meaning that you can trust the expert technicians at Action Furnace to perform the repair you need properly and with minimal fuss. Remember, in the event that you need an emergency hot water heaterwe offer 24/7/365 service. Furnace Installation & Repair Its no secret that Calgary, Edmonton, and Red Deer getreally cold in the winter months. This is why Action Furnace offers first-class furnace services, including both new furnace installation and repair of your existing furnace. New Furnace Installation Action Furnace carries a variety of furnaces from the most popular manufacturers, giving you options when it comes to choosing the right furnace for your home. Our comfort specialists will assist you in choosing the appropriate furnace based on your needs, and our expert installation technicians will ensure the installation process is as painless and efficient as possible. Existing Furnace Repair Backed by ourFixed Right or Its Free guarantee, our furnace repair services will leave your furnace in tip-top shape and running as efficiently as possible. We have decades of experience diagnosing and repairing furnaces and would be happy to lend our experience when you need it. Remember, in the event that you need an emergency furnace repair we offer 24/7/365 service. Air Conditioner Installation & Repair Theres nothing better than whole-home comfort on those hot summer days, and nothing makes your home comfortable like a high-efficiency air conditioner. Call us to find out how you could own a whole-home air conditioner for as low as $42/month. Air ConditionerInstallation Tired of laying in bed at night sweating? Are you running two or more portable or window-mounted air conditioners already? A whole-home air conditioner may be just what youre looking for! Our comfort specialists will walk you through the variety of air conditioners that we offer and help you pick the one that is right for your needs. Air conditioner installation is done by our expert installation technicians, meaning you can rest easy knowing that your air conditioner was installed properly and efficiently. Air ConditionerRepair All our air conditioner repair services are backed by ourFixed Right or Its Free guarantee. Our technicians will quickly diagnose the problem and recommend the appropriate repair. If your air conditioner unexpectedly fails, call us and well arrange a diagnosis as soon as possible! Remember, in the event that you need an emergency air conditionerrepair we offer 24/7/365 service. Hot Water Heater Installation & Repair If you need a new hot water heater either a conventional hot water tank or a tankless hot water heater or require your existing hot water heater to be repaired, you can trust Action Furnace to get the job done quickly and cost-efficiently. New Hot Water Heater Installation We sell, service, and install a range of high-efficiency hot water heaters in a variety of sizes. Our focus is on providing the right type of hot water heater for your home, and our comfort specialist will walk you through your options and the benefits of each so that you can make an informed decision. Hot Water HeaterRepair If youre tired of cold showers, call Action Furnace! All hot water heater repairs are backed by ourFixed Right or Its Free guarantee, meaning that you can trust the expert technicians at Action Furnace to perform the repair you need properly and with minimal fuss. Remember, in the event that you need an emergency hot water heaterwe offer 24/7/365 service. 24/7 Emergency AvailabilityCalgary Edmonton Red Deer 24/7 Emergency AvailabilityCalgary Edmonton Red Deer Serving Alberta Since 1975 Action Furnace has been proudly serving Albertans since 1975. When youre looking for a furnace sales and repair company, we hope youll remember Action Furnace. Choose Action Furnace for: New Furnace Sales & Installation Furnace Repair & Service New Air Conditioner Sales & Installation. Air Conditioner Repair & Service New Hot Water Heater Sales & Installation Hot Water Heater Repair Duct Cleaning Humidifiers & Air Filters Lowest Price Guarantee As one of Calgary, Edmonton, and Red Deers largest furnace companies, we are proud to offer our clients our Lowest Price Guarantee. We promise you that you cannot find a comparable furnace or air conditioner installation with the same quality and guarantees for less or well pay you a $250 bonus over the difference. All we ask is that the comparison be apples to apples. Fixed Right or Its Free Guarantee If one of our Furnace or Air Conditioning repairs should fail during the first heating or cooling season, we will repair it again absolutely FREE. We will also return 100% of your original investment. Action Furnace: where repairs are always Fixed Right or Its Free. Contact Us Calgary Office 4086 Ogden Rd SE Calgary, AB T2G 4P7 Edmonton Office 12155 Fort Rd. NW Edmonton, AB T5B 4H2 Red Deer Office Bay 2, 7459 Edgar Industrial Bend, Red Deer, AB T4P 3Z5 facebook youtube instagram1 Calgary Edmonton Red Deer YouTube Instagram Powered By POD Marketing Inc. 2020 Sitemap | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions)))->0
(Not Acceptable! Not Acceptable!An appropriate representation of the requested resource could not be found on this server. This error was generated by Mod_Security.)->8
(Not Acceptable! Not Acceptable!An appropriate representation of the requested resource could not be found on this server. This error was generated by Mod_Security.)->0
( TruGreen. Live Life outside. Call now for a free quote 844-261-2466 Call now for a free quote 844-261-2466 ManageMyAccount CommercialServices TAP TO CALL 844-261-2466 Welcome!Tell us what brings you to TruGreentoday? Beautiful {{city}} Lawns StartHere! Sign up Today and Get 50% Off Your FirstService My home is located in the area. Next What is your yard biggest problem? My yard is havingproblems with: select all that apply Weeds Trees & Shrubs Brown spots Bare patches Mosquito Control Other or not sure Next Step 2 of 3 Your lawn won be a problem muchlonger! Let us tailor a plan foryou. Select all that apply I am ready to love my lawn!Pleasesendmeaquoteformylawnlocatedat ex: 1234 Green St. , .Youcanreachmeat ex: 2223334444 ordropmealineat .Justaskfor .By providing my personal information, including phone number, and clicking "See My Results," I consent to: 1 receive email messages for lawn tips and tricks and limited offers, autodialed calls, texts and prerecorded messages from TruGreen regarding my account, including current and possible future services, customer service and billing; and 2 TruGreen Privacy Policy and Terms and conditions including this arbitration provision . I understand that my consent is not required to purchase TruGreen services and that the cancellation of that account does not automatically revoke thisconsent. Schedule your call back time? Call me ASAP Call me later Call Center Hours of Operation:Mon - Fri: 8am - 7pm Central Sat: 8am - 4:30pm CentralSun: Closed Confirm your time zone: Eastern Time Central Time Mountain Time Pacific Time PreviousForward Choose your preferred call back time Previous Time noted will be the first time TruGreen can begin to call. Call back time scheduling currently not available in NV or NM. TruGreen will call back ASAP in these locations See My Results Step 3 of 3 See the TruGreen DifferenceWhen you get a TruGreen lawn plan, you get results you can actually see. Scroll through our gallery of photos taken by actual TruGreen specialists and see what a tailored plan can do for yourlawn.Without TruGreenWith TruGreenWithout TruGreenWith TruGreenWith TruGreenWithout TruGreenWith TruGreenWithout TruGreenWith TruGreenWithout TruGreenWith TruGreenWithout TruGreenGet a QuoteSee what other TruGreen customers have tosay:"The employees are professional and share information on best maintaining my yard. They are quick and efficient and leave me with a very green and healthyyard."John J.May 2019"My trees and shrubs on my front yard yard have the largest healthiest green foliage hands down compared to my neighbors trees. Whatever TruGreen is doing just keep doingit."William S.May 2019"Technicians are always very friendly and helpful. Have talked to rep in the billing department and she was veryhelpful."Karen R.May 2019Get a QuoteCALL 844-261-2466 CALL 844-261-2466 CALL 844-261-2466 Privacy PolicyRequires purchase of annual plan. Special offer of 50% off is for first application only, for new residential EasyPay or PrePay customers only. Valid at participating TruGreen locations. Availability of services may vary by geography. Not to be combined with or used in conjunction with any other offer or discount. Additional restrictions may apply. Consumer responsible for all sales tax. *Pricing based on an average annual lawn plan cost average of $500 per year and 5,000-square-foot lawn. Guarantee applies to full plan customers only. The PGA name, logos, and marks are trademarks of The Professional Golfers Association of America. Americas #1 lawn care company based on U.S. market share of professional lawn care companies. 2017 NorthStar Partners U.S. Share Tracker. BBB accredited since 07/01/2012. Connecticut Charter B-0153, B-1380, B-0127, B-0200, B-0151.America #1 lawn care company based on U.S. market share of professional lawn care companies. Spring, 2017 NorthStar Partners U.S. Share Tracker.The PGA name, logos, and marks are a trademark of The Professional Golfers Association of America.{{CurrentYear}} TruGreen Limited Partnership. All rights reserved.)->0
(( Home)((Features Foodie Finds Stars of the month Make-Ahead Weekly Menu Taste Ontario The Market By Longo About Us Blog Longos.com Locations Contact Us)(60th Anniversary Every $60 spend with your Thank You Rewards card enters you into each draw. You can win One million THANK YOU REWARDS POINTS View Make-Ahead Weekly Menu Longo has created a simple 3-step plan where you prep a weeks worth of meals on a Sunday and have deliciously grilled weeknight meals ready to go. View Taste Ontario Celebrate our roots by tasting everything Ontario has to offer. View Stars of the month Each month we reveal the products were passionate about and what makes them unique. Dont miss out on these tasty offers. View)(Contact Longo Brothers Markets Inc.8800 Huntington Rd, Vaughan, ONL4H 3M6 Longo Locations Shop with us online! CONNECT WITH US At Longo we consider feedback extremely valuable to the success of our business and the satisfaction of our customers. We appreciate you taking the time to share your thoughts with us. Clickhereto share your comments or suggestions. Customer Inquiries:1.800.9Longos [1 800 956 6467]Our Customer Service hours of operation: Monday - Friday 6 AM - 10 PMSaturday 7 AM - 4 PMSunday 7 AM - 3 PM Social Download the mobile app 2020 Longo Brothers Fruit Markets Inc)))->8
(( Rehab Directives - Home)((HomeAbout usTherapy ServicesInsurancesNew PatientsContact)(PHYSICAL OCCUPATIONAL SPEECHTHERAPY About Us)(01 ABOUT US Rehab Directives provides physical, occupational and speech therapy treatments in Las Vegas from our centrally located clinics. Our pediatric clinic SPOT 4 TOTS has a team of therapist dedicated to the specific needs of children. More information can be seen here. The team at Rehab Directives use the most advanced treatment techniques to help you get back your healthy life as quickly as possible. The spacious, clean, modern facilities of Rehab Directives are home to some of the worlds most advanced physical rehabilitation technologies and treatments. Our goal at Rehab Directives is to help you feel and perform to your best. We want every patient to move without pain, and we want you to get stronger to avoid future problems or re-injury. Our mission is to help you return to work and all of the prior activities of daily living without pain. Let our team of dedicated healthcare professionals help you reach your goals safely, effectively and quickly. Visit Spot 4 Tots Website)(02 Therapy Services Therapy Services Physical Therapy Therapy Services Occupational Therapy Therapy Services Speech Therapy 03 INSURANCES Rehab Directives is contracted with Medicare, Nevada Medicaid including Health Plan of Nevada Medicaid and Anthem BCBS plus various commercial and workers\ compensation insurance carriers. As each insurance provider is different, so are co-payments, deductibles and certain physical therapy benefits. In order to provide a smooth experience for our patients, insurance benefits and eligibility are verified prior to service, and insurance is billed as a courtesy. Please contact our office for your specific benefit information. We are committed to serving the needs of our patients as a "whole" and are willing to assist you with any questions or concerns regarding your healthcare needs. A medical prescription from a doctor is required for patients with Medicare coverage. For those who are not covered by a medical insurance carrier, cash pay fee schedules are available. The cost of a physical therapy initial evaluation, consultation and treatment provided by a licensed physical therapist as well as further treatment fees are determined based on type of patient services rendered. Info for New Patients 04 New Patients Making the commitment to improving your physical well-being can be difficult, but trusting your physical care to the right person can be even more challenging. At your first visit to Rehab Directives,our team of healthcare professionalwill give you a full evaluation to develop a treatment plan to achieve your goals and get back your healthy life! When you arrive at the clinic, our receptionist will request that you complete the patient forms and make copies of your insurance and ID cards. This paperwork provides us with your health history and information on your condition. Consultation & Examination After your consultation, a complete examination testing your reflexes, flexibility, postural, and physical mobility will be performed. However, nothingwill be done in our officewithout your consent. Report of Findings Once the information is collectedand examinations are performed, a licensed therapist will give you a detailed report of all findings and answer any questions including: 1. How can we help? 2. Treatment goals and possible outcome. 3. How often do I need treatment? 4. Whatwillmy treatmentcost? The therapist will also discuss iftreatment by other providers is required. Treatment Following your initialappointment, we will request authorization from your insurance carrier based on the therapists plan of care. This can take from 3-14 days depending on the insurer. We will contact you to schedule follow-up treatment when authorization is received. 05 Contact Us We are in the Las Vegas Medical District at 3213 W Charleston Blvd., Suite 105 Las Vegas 89102 near UMC hospital or 2860 E Cheyenne Ave, North Las Vegas 89030 near North Vista Hospital. Rehab Directives LLC, 3213 W Charleston Blvd, Suite 105 Las Vegas NV 89102Phone 702-570-6222Fax 702-570-6234Email info@rehabdirectives.com 2018 Rehab Directives All rights reserved.)))->2
((Access Denied)((Access Denied)(Reference #18.f6bc3b17.1594502687.76fd8b59)))->8
(( Home | Tavern Restaurant Group)(About TRG Gift Cards Media Community Giving Careers Contact Recipes Home Nicholsons Website >>Cincinnatis first & finest gastropub. The Pub Website >>A genuine British pub experience. deShas Website >>Classic. American. Horse & Barrel >> 2011 Tavern Restaurant Group Site Map Contact Us Privacy Statement))->8
((Pizzaville - #3636 from your cell or Order Online - Contactless Delivery)((Menu Pizzaville HomeMenuOnline Only SpecialsAll SpecialsGluten Free CrustFlatbreadsGourmet PizzasBuild Your OwnPanzerottiChickenSidesDrinksPantryTopping ListAbout UsHow to Dough it!CONTACTLESS DELIVERYFAQsPassport FAQSCheck GiftCard BalanceEmploymentFranchise InformationCOVID-19Allergen & Nutritional InfoFind UsContact Us)(Getting Hungry? Order Online)(Holiday Hours Mobile Holiday Hours Desktop passport_rogerscup_mobile passport_rogerscup_desktop Addons Desktop Addons Mobile)(Hungry for Exclusive Deals? EMAIL NAME Subscribe for new promotions & coupons. Office 741 Rowntree Dairy RoadWoodbridge, OntarioL4L 5T9 Contact Info P: 416 736-3636 F: 905 850-0339 E: info@pizzaville.ca Links HomeMenuAbout UsSpecialsNutritionGiftcard BalanceLocationsAccessibilityPrivacy PolicyTerms & Conditions Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter 2020 Pizzaville. All Rights Reserved. Execution time: 0.080929040908813 CENTRAL AJAX BOLTON BRAMPTON ETOBICOKE MAPLE MARKHAM MILTON MISSISSAUGA NORTH YORK OAK RIDGES OAKVILLE PICKERING RICHMOND HILL SCARBOROUGH STOUFFVILLE THORNHILL TORONTO UNIONVILLE UXBRIDGE WOODBRIDGE EAST BOWMANVILLE OSHAWA WHITBY NORTH ALCONA ALLISTON AURORA BARRIE BRACEBRIDGE BRADFORD KESWICK MIDLAND NEWMARKET ORILLIA PARRY SOUND SUTTON WEST ACTON BRANTFORD BURLINGTON CAMBRIDGE GUELPH KITCHENER ORANGEVILLE WATERDOWN The average adult requires approximately 2,000 to 2,400 calories per day, the average child aged 9 to 13 years old requires approximately 1,400 to 2,000 calories per day andthe average child aged 4 to 8 years old requires approximately 1,200 to 1,400 calories per day; individual calorie needs may vary.)))->8
(Not Acceptable! Not Acceptable!An appropriate representation of the requested resource could not be found on this server. This error was generated by Mod_Security.)->6
(( Sugar Bowl Scottsdale Scottsdale Ice Cream Parlor and Restaurant since 1958)(((Home Our History Sugar Bowl Fiesta Family Circus Sugar Bowl Menu Contact Us Search Menu)(Sugar Bowl Scottsdale COVID-19 UPDATE FOR OUR GUESTS For more than 60 years the Sugar Bowl Scottsdale has been dedicated to serving our community and we wanted to express our sincere concern for everyone who has been impacted by the coronavirus COVID-19 . While we have reopened and are looking forward to banana splits and tasty meals the health and well being of our staff members and guests is our top priority. Following the recommendations by local authorities we have made many positive changes to protect your safety while at the same time providing the old fashioned hospitality and delicious memorable food youve come to expect from us. We look forward to serving you at the tastiest corner in Old Town! If you are a long time Valley resident or just in town for the weekend, we invite you down to Old Town Scottsdale to experience our full menu and fountain treats in the style and tradition we have been providing since 1958! Whether you are in the mood for savory soups, sandwiches, or salads or maybe something a little more fun like an ice cream cone, sundae, or floatwe can satisfy any craving! Relive those memories of lazy days enjoying ice cream with friends, let the young ones enjoy birthday parties in our new arcade parlor, or take in our gift shop that features artwork from everyones favorite familythe Family Circus Bil Keane featured the Sugar Bowl many times in his daily comic strips . Just look for the pink building and come on in and say Hi . Copyright - Sugar Bowl Scottsdale))(Scroll to top)))->8
(( Viking Cleaners - Viking Textile Restoration - Dry Cleaning - Dry Cleaners - Phoenix - 85018 - Delivery - NARD)(Services Dry Cleaning & Laundry Bridal & Speciality Household Items Alterations & Repairs Pickup & Delivery Restoration Textile Restoration Salvation Army Program Restoration FAQ About Us About Us Hours & Locations Price List FAQs Employment Contact Viking Cleaners Services Dry Cleaning & Laundry Bridal & Speciality Household Items Alterations & Repairs Pickup & Delivery Restoration Textile Restoration Salvation Army Program Restoration FAQ About Us About Us Hours & Locations Price List FAQs Employment Contact The Mark of Quality. We Are Open for BusinessFollowing Governor Duceys updated Covid-19 stay-at-home orders announced on June 29th, we continue to remain open to provide essential services to our customers. Our drive-through is currently open Monday-Friday 7 am - 7 pm, and Saturday 8 am - 4 pm. Contact-less drop off through our drive-through is available. Its as easy as 1 Enter your code to open the drop box and 2 Drop in your laundry. Speak to our friendly staff to arrange your private code.We continue to offer FREE contact-less pick up and delivery to your home or office.Our lobby remains closed until further notice.Sanitation practices are in place to protect our employees and customers. Please contact us for detailed information.Premium ServiceViking Cleaners has had the honor of servicing the Phoenix valley for over 5o years.Family owned and operated, we are a full service facility offering dry cleaning, laundry, alterations, rugs, leathers, households, drapes, and bridal dry cleaning and laundry services.With our personalized service, we commit to the best customer experience regarding reliability, availability, convenience and delivery of your garments!Same day service is available, upon request, on garments given before 9 a.m. to be ready after 5 p.m. We also offer free pick-up and delivery. For additional information, click here.Save time. Enjoy the convenience of free pick up & delivery. New Customers Request a Pickup Existing customers Amenities ConvenienceDrive-thru & 24/7 drop offAt Viking Cleaners, we understand the importance of ease and convenience during your busy day. We offer a drive-thru service and 24/7 drop off to further accommodate your busy schedule. We also offer FREE pickup and delivery, at the same price if you were to walk in! Sign up today! Alterations & RepairsDedicated in-house TailorAlong with offering full-service dry cleaning and laundry, Viking Cleaners also has a dedicated in-house tailor for your alteration and repair needs. Services range from button replacement to size adjustments on any of your garment pieces. Turn around time may vary depending on work requested. For any specific questions or requests please call 602 956-3280. Quality & ReliabilityPremium garment careWith Viking Cleaners you can be assured you receive high quality services on your clothes. Over the past 50 years we have prided ourselves on continually working towards improving how we do business. We have taken steps such as implementing a barcode management system to help increase our production efficiency and minimize garment loss and human error. Back to Top Services Dry Cleaning & Laundry Bridal & Speciality Household Items Alterations & Repairs Pickup & Delivery Restoration About Us Price List Hours & Locations FAQs Contact Us Viking Cleaners & Viking Textile Restoration, 3201 East Indian School Road, Phoenix, AZ 85018))->0
(( Tim Hortons)((You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.)((Tim Hortons LogoLog InBag IconShopping cart preview0ItemsHow would you like to receive this order?Change)(Mobile Nav LogoHomeCoffee CupOrderTim Hortons Barcode IconScanRefreshRecentMore))))->8
((Home - Shale Creek Golf Club)((Shale Creek Golf ClubHome Tee Times Golf Rates & Information E-Club Sign Up ScoreCard Leagues Golf Outings Course Photos Gift Cards Weddings & Events Request Event Info Granite Grille Memberships Pool & Fitness Memberships Resident Memberships Non-Resident Memberships Contact Us Contact Us)((Skip to content Skip to footer)(Book Tee Times E-Club Signup)(Welcome to Shale Creek Golf Club! The Shale Creek golf course will remain open until further notice, but per the Medina County Health Department, please see the requirements we will be following: 2 Riders per cart call ahead if you would like to reserve a single cart . Do not arrive more than 15 minutes ahead of your scheduled tee time. Book Tee Times Send A Gift Weddings & Events Learn More Granite Grille Learn More Memberships Learn More FooterVisit Us: 5420 Wolff Road Medina, OH 44256 Follow Us: Contact Us: 330 723-8774 rmcardle@shalecreekgolfclubggp.com Copyright 2020 Shale Creek Golf Club All Rights Reserved.))))->5
(Not Acceptable! Not Acceptable!An appropriate representation of the requested resource could not be found on this server. This error was generated by Mod_Security.)->0
(( Page not found | HonorHealth)((Skip to main content)((COVID-19 tools and resources: symptom checker, visitor restrictions, testing info and safety measures. Learn more.)(623.580.5800 Secondary navigation 623-580-5800 MyChart Insurance Ways to Give Classes & Events Pay Bill Contact Search Main navigation Find a Doctor Locations Medical Services Patient Resources Appointments Close Main Menu Search HonorHealth Close Search)(The requested page could not be found. 623-580-5800 Footer Healthy Living Articles Classes Support groups Tours Research & Innovation Clinical trials Research Institute About ACO Careers For employees For suppliers Newsroom Academic Affairs Residencies & fellowships Medical students Library services CME Community Community programs Donate HonorHealth Foundation Volunteer For clinicians CareLink Credentialing Nursing resources Physician resources Secondary footer Find primary care Patient forms Request medical records Request a quote Privacy policy Patient relations Hospitals))))->2
((Marcos.com)((marcos pizza svg logo icon)(menu catering Join Our Team locations FRANCHISING sign in / sign up Follow Us Facebook Svg facebook icon twitter svg twitter icon instagram svg instragram icon)(sign in / sign up 708 West Glen Avenue Dropdown arrow Svg dropdown icon Order From 708 West Glen Avenue Peoria, IL 61614 Store Hours Mon - Thur: 11:00am - 10:00pm Fri - Sat: 11:00am - 11:00pm Sun: 11:00am - 10:00pm 4.5 miles Get Directions Phone Number 309-689-6633 Change location start order LARGEDOUBLETOPPER2-TOPPING PIZZA Order Now Price and participation may vary - TRY NEW - SpecialtyPizza Bowls Order Now *Prices may vary. OPEN FOR CONTACT-FREEDELIVERY OR CARRYOUT ALL PIZZAS ARE COOKED AT OVER 4500TO KEEP YOU SAFE Order now If you prefer CONTACT-FREE DELIVERY, please indicate in the delivery instructions box. MEDIUM 1-TOPPING PIZZAS USE CODE MED699 ORDER NOW Limited time only. Prices and participation may vary. Download Our App Italian Quality pizza at your fingertips Delicious CheezyBread Three signature cheeses on dough made from scratch Order Now Order Now Marco email Stay up to date with all the amazing deals! JOIN now Start A Franchise Startup Costs. Territories. Financial Performance. Learn More Start A Franchise Startup Costs. Territories. Financial Performance. Learn More marcos pizza svg logo icon About Marcos Nutrition The Italian Way Customer Feedback eClub Gift Cards Franchise Information Response to COVID-19 Slice of Support Ciaonet Follow Us Facebook Svg facebook icon twitter svg twitter icon instagram svg instragram icon We offer Delivery, Carryout and Dine-in. Offers available for a limited time at participating locations. Prices may vary. Dollar and Percent off offers are not combinable with other offers. Offers exclude Big Square Deal. Gluten free crust and additional toppings will incur additional charges. Order must include all qualifying items for each offer. Price does not include delivery charge/taxes varies by location . Delivery orders must meet stated minimum amount. No cash value. Please mention coupon when ordering and present when paying. Terms and conditions may apply see offer for details . Copyright 2020 Marcos Franchising LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use)))->8
( For full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable JavaScript. Here are the instructions how to enable JavaScript in your web browser.)->8
(( Hand and Stone Massage and Facial Spa)( Menu Skip to Content Sign In / Sign Up Open 7 Days Walk Ins Welcome Extended Hours Membership Programs Available Locations Massage expand subitems Massage Swedish Massage Hot Stone Massage Himalayan Salt Massage Sports Massage Deep Tissue Oncology Massage Prenatal Decompression Therapy Facials expand subitems Facials Chest facial Classic Facial Men Facial Teen Facial Back Facial Hair Removal Spa Deals First Visit Membership COVID-19 Update Click Here content Hand & Stone - Massage and Facial Spa Gift Cards Great for any occasion GET STARTED Health & Safety Standards Our focus on your safety & well-being at the spa Learn More Join Our Lifestyle Program Your monthly oasis with no long-term commitments Learn More Alert. Content has finished loading First time visit? If youve never had a Massage or Facial, you may be wondering what to expect on your first visit to Hand & Stone Massage and Facial Spa. During your first visit youll experience relaxation and comfort, dedicated to your well being and peace of mind. We want your spa experience to be a memorable one. Learn more Book at one of over 400 locations across the country Hand & Stone offers professional Massage, Facial and Hair Removal services tailored to your individual needs. We are open seven days a week with extended hours so you can look and feel your best affordably. Book now For more information on cancer programs and services available including complementary therapy visit www.cancer.org text name name text title text Your Email Address * Your Name text Back to top 2020 text text))->6
(( Charlotte Ulta Beauty Store & Salon | Ulta Charlotte, NC 590)( Store ListBelgate8150 Ikea BlvdCharlotte, NC 282621-704-494-4138OpenuntilCallStoreGetDirectionsBookAppointmentSome stores are now open. In store shopping, pickup and salon services vary by location. Click here to see your stores availability.HoursToday10:00 AM - 7:00 PMSun, Jul 1211:00 AM - 6:00 PMMon, Jul 1310:00 AM - 7:00 PMTue, Jul 1410:00 AM - 7:00 PMWed, Jul 1510:00 AM - 7:00 PMThu, Jul 1610:00 AM - 7:00 PMFri, Jul 1710:00 AM - 7:00 PMBrands In StoreA-BC-DE-GH-KL-NO-RS-TU-Z#AACUREAG HairAhavaAlleyoopAlmayAlternaAmerican CrewAmopAnastasia Beverly HillsAncient Healing ClayAncient NutritionAquageAquaphorAquisArdellAriana Grande FragranceARMANI FragranceArtNaturals LUXEAustralian GoldAuthentic Beauty ConceptAveenoAwake BeautyAzzaro FragranceBBaby FootBaBylissPROBanila CoBare RepublicBarefoot ScientistbareMineralsBatisteBawdyBeachwaver Co.Beauty BakerieBeauty SmartsBECCA CosmeticsBed HeadbelifBenefit CosmeticsBH CosmeticsBicBikini ZoneBilly JealousyBio IonicBio-OilBioreBiosilkBLINKING BEAUTBlissbosciaBosleyBotanicsBraunBriteBrush LabBumble and bumbleBurberry FragranceBurts BeesBuxomBvlgari FragranceCC&C by Clean & ClearCaboodlesCalvin Klein FragranceCANNUKACapelli New YorkCarbon Theory.Carols DaughterCarolina Herrera FragranceCeraVeCetaphilChanel FragranceChapStickChiChiChina GlazeChlo FragranceClairolClarinsClarisonicCliniqueCliniqueClinique FragranceCNDCoach FragranceColor OopsColor WowColourPopCompletely BareConairCOOLACOSRXCoTzCOVER FXCover Your GrayCoverGirlCrepe EraseCrestCricketCrocCurious Brushes By Nick StensonCurlsmithDda BombDaily ConceptsDanielleDEREK LAM 10 CROSBY FragranceDerma EDermablendDermadoctorDermalogicaDesign EssentialsDevaCurlDHCDior FragranceDippity DoDolce&Gabbana FragranceDonna Karan FragrancedpHUEDr TealsDr. BrandtDr. PAWPAWDrybarDysonEe.l.f. CosmeticsEarth TherapeuticsEau de Juice FragranceEcoToolsElchimElcie CosmeticsELEMISEosEscada FragranceEssenceEssieEste LauderEste Lauder FragranceEva NycEVE LOMEverproEvian Mineral SprayExuvianceEylureFFake BakeFeeling BeautifulFirst Aid BeautyFlawless by Finishing TouchFleshflorence by millsFloweryFollainForeoFormula 10.0.6Fountain of Truthfrank bodyFrederic FekkaiFrederick BenjaminFrizz DefenseFrommFurGGarnierGhdGigiGilletteGivenchy FragranceGo SmileGot 2bGrande CosmeticsGroovi BeautyGroovi BeautyGrow GorgeousGrown AlchemistGucci FragranceHHairologyHanskinHaskHelloHempzHeritage StoreHip ChicHollywood Fashion SecretsHot ToolsHouse 99 by David BeckhamHouse of LashesHugo Boss FragranceII Dew CareI Heart RevolutionIGKiHomeImpressions VanityIncocoINDIE LEEInked by DaniInStylerInvisibobbleIROHAIssey Miyake FragranceIT Brushes For ULTAIt CosmeticsIts A 10JJack BlackJennifer Lopez FragranceJergensJimmy Choo FragranceJohn FriedaJohn Varvatos FragranceJoicoJolenJuice BeautyJuicy Couture FragranceJuvias PlaceKKate Spade New York FragranceKenra ProfessionalKeracolorKeraniqueKeratin ComplexKestrelKiehls Since 1851KissKitaoKitschKkwKloraneKopari BeautyKylie CosmeticsLLanzaLOralL.A. GirlLa Roche-PosayLancmeLancme FragranceLanoLashFoodLaura MercierLAVANILALAVANILA FragranceLifestyle ProductsLilly LashesLime CrimeLip SmackerLipstick QueenLiving ProofLove Beauty and PlanetLove WellnessLoving TanMMacadamia ProfessionalMad HippieMadison ReedMakeup RevolutionMamondeManic PanicMarc AnthonyMarc Jacobs FragranceMario BadescuMatrixMaui BabeMaui MoistureMaybellineMeaningful BeautymegababeMeow Meow TweetMiamicaMichael Kors FragranceMilaniMiss SpaMizaniMontblanc FragranceMoonMorgan TaylorMorpheMUGLER FragranceMuradNNABLANads NaturalNairNARSNaturally G4UNEST FragrancesNeumaNeutrogenaNexxusNioxinNo MoNo7Not Your MothersnoyahNUDESTIXNufaceNYX Professional MakeupOOfra CosmeticsOGXOh K!OlayOlivia GardenOPIORAOrgainOriginsOrlyOUAIOuidadPPacificaPaco Rabanne FragranceParissaPatchologyPATTERNPaul MitchellPEACH & LILYPerricone MDPeter T. RothPhilipsPhilosophyPhilosophyPhilosophy FragrancePhilosophy FragrancePhysicians FormulaPhytoPixiPlant ApothecaryPolderPoo~PourriPrada FragrancePravanaProactivPsssst!Punky ColourPureologypursomaPrsonaPRRRalph Lauren FragranceRapid Lashre:pReal TechniquesRebels RefineryRed Carpet ManicureRedkenRemingtonRevlonRevolution PRORiki Loves RikiRivieraRoCRosebud Perfume Co.RuskSSagely NaturalsSally HansenSara HappSchickSchmidtsScunciSebastianSecheSecretSeroVitalSexy HairShaveworksSheaMoistureShimmer LightsShiseidoSkyn IcelandSmashboxSNPSoap & GlorySOL BodySooAESplatSpongeablesSpornetteSt. MorizSt. TropezStilaStrivectinSugarbearhairSUGARPILLSun BumSUNDAY RILEYSupersmileSweet & ShimmerSweetSpot LabsTT3Tan TowelTAN-LUXETangle TeezerTanologistTartan + TwineTarteTeami BlendsTend SkintginThayersThe Body ShopThe Crme ShopThe Good StuffTHE OOZOOThe OrdinaryThe Sign TribeThe Vamp StampThe Vintage Cosmetic Companythis worksThrive CausemeticsTigiTONYMOLYToo Cool For SchoolToo FacedToppikTory Burch FragranceTouch In SolTree HutTresemmeTrilogyTrulyTulaTurbie TwistTweezermanZZitStickaZoyaYYes toYourGoodSkinYUNIYves Saint Laurent FragranceWWakseWellaWet BrushWet n WildWigoVVelour LashesVersace FragranceVichyViktor&Rolf FragranceVita LiberataVitaminSea.beautyViviscalUUberlissUltaUnwashUpCircleUrban Decay CosmeticsUrban Skin Rx#18.21 Man MadeNot seeing what youre looking for?Shop Online by Brand))->6
((Home)(We can cater for all of your special occasions, from birthday parties to weddings! Party Catering Authentic Italian Pizza Call to order - 440 331-6653 We make our dough from scratch daily and we only use fresh, never frozen, ingredients! Since 2013, JJ has been a family-owned and operated restaurant. Quality Ingredients MeetLa Familia JJ Pizza HomeAboutMenuContact Us Copyright jjs pizza. All rights reserved. View on Mobile))->8
((403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.)((Server Error)(403 - Forbidden: Access is denied. You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.)))->8
((403 Forbidden)((403 Forbidden)(nginx)))->7
(( Tim Hortons)((You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.)((Tim Hortons LogoLog InBag IconShopping cart preview0ItemsHow would you like to receive this order?Change)(Mobile Nav LogoHomeCoffee CupOrderTim Hortons Barcode IconScanRefreshRecentMore))))->8
(404 Error - Page Not Found)->5
(Leslie Pool Supplies Leslie remains committed to providing essential products and services to keep your pool healthy and safe.Due to overwhelming demand, order processing may take up to an additional 72 hours. Leslie Rewards My Account Email Search SUGGESTED SEARCHES SUGGESTED PRODUCTS Sorry, no results found. Need help? Call us at 800-537-5437 {{CATEGORY_NAME}} Chemicals Equipment Pools Maintenance Lifestyle Covers Pool Opening Parts Spas 0 Please enable JavaScript in your browser to allow for checkout and other site features. Please enable JavaScript in your browser to allow for checkout and other site features. Shop Smart and Stay Safe. Leslie COVID-19 Response to Protect Our Community Learn More > WE ARE OPEN Find A Store Near You Find A Store > NATIONWIDE SERVICE Service, Installation & Repair Start Now > LESLIE\S REWARDS Sign Up and Start Saving! Sign Up Now > LESLIE\S APP At-HOME WATER TESTing Learn More > FREE WATER TEST AND TREATMENT PLAN Find A Store > POOL CARE CHECKLIST DIY RESOURCES View Now > SHOP ONLINE FREE SHIPPING ON ALL ORDERS ESSENTIALS FOR POOL MAINTENANCE 3" Jumbo TabsLong Lasting Sanitization as low as $69.99 View Item Pool ShockSanitize and Shock as low as $34.99 View Item Test Strips & KitsAccurate Home Testing as low as $6.99 View Item Perfect Weekly 3L Bottle $59.99 View Item Cleaning AttachmentsEverything You Need as low as $5.99 View Item JACUZZI Pool Equipment Installation - Call us @ 800.537.5437 to schedule today! BEST SELLERS Power Powder ProKills bacteria & algae $179.99 View Item Dry Acid Lowers pH levels as low as $9.99 View Item Soda Ash Raises pH levels as low as $14.99 View Item Hardness Plus Calcium hardness increaser as low as $12.49 View Item Alkalinity Up Alkalinity increaser as low as $14.49 View Item SHOP BY CATEGORY Chemicals Pool Cleaners Pool Pumps Pool Motors Salt Systems Parts & Hardware Toys & Games Pool Opening Winter Covers Safety Covers Solar Covers Above Ground Pools Filter Cartridges MyLife Hot Tubs Jacuzzi Equipment Manufacturers See how much you can save with a JACUZZI variable speed pump! See Your Savings > Your Trusted Partner Since 1963 Our Commitment toPool Care Made Easy EXPERTADVICEIn-Store & Online SUPERIORQUALITYProducts SERVICECENTERLabor & Repairs NATIONWIDESERVICESResidential/Commercial PRICE MATCHGUARANTEEIn-Store Price Match Need Help? Call Us - 1.800.537.5437 Shop Online or at any of our 900+ retail stores! Dive In! Your Order Order Information Order Status/Tracking Store Locator Account Login Product Support Leslie Blog Pool Service Manufacturers Clearance Utility Rebates Manufacturer Rebates Commercial Safe & Secure Shopping Privacy & Security Policies Terms of Use Return Policy Contact Us CA Transp. In Supply Chain Act Accessibility CA Privacy Rights POOL CARE MADE EASYLeslies Pool Supplies, Service & Repair, is your local neighborhood pool store. We offer the best selection of pool and spa chemicals, pool cleaners, pool equipment, cleaning accessories and pool inflatables and floats. We have the solution to all your pool and spa needs. Every store also offers Free In-Store Water Testing and Free In-Store labor on repairs. Join the Leslies Rewards Program for special offers and savings. For your convenience, shop in stores, online or download the Leslie Pool Care App. About Leslie | News & Press| Jobs & Careers| Commercial| MSDS| Store Locator * 2nd Day Air Shipping not available for chemicals, spas, and other items that normally ship by freight.Online prices & selection generally match our retail stores, but may vary. Prices & offers are subject to change. All rights reserved. 2020 Leslies Poolmart Inc. HELP CODE: AIJ-QDL)->0
((Professional Painting Services | Fresh Coat Painters of Charlotte)((Join Our Team Fresh Coat Painters of Charlotte Change Location Call us 24/7! 704 761-7316 Free Quote Back Home Residential Painters Back Interior Painting Exterior Painting Cabinet Painting Wallpaper Removal Popcorn Ceiling Removal Plaster & Drywall Repair Garages Basements Accent Walls Commercial Painters Back Office Painting Medical & Dental Painting Apartments Homeowners Associations University & Schools Other Services Back Deck Sealing Deck Staining Fence Staining Fence Painting Pressure Washing Epoxy Floors Why Fresh Coat Painters? Back 3-3-3 Pledge Financing Fixed Price Promo Reviews Coupons About Us Back Paint it Forward Expert Tips Blog Join the Team Change Location)((A Fresh New Way to Paint Fresh Coat Painters of Charlotte Get a Free Firm Quote)(Request Your Free Firm Quote Now! To learn if we service your area, give us a call 24/7 at 704 761-7316! Personal Information First Name: Please enter your first name. Last Name: Please enter your last name. Email: This isn a valid email address. Please enter your email address. Phone: This isn a valid phone number. Please enter your phone number. Zip / Postal Code: Please enter your Zip / Postal Code. Are you selling the house? Please enter if you are selling the house? Do you need home improvements? Please enter if you need home improvements? Do you need repair? Please enter if you need repair? What is your budget? Please enter your budget? Message Get Started)( Fresh Coat Painters of Charlotte Residential & Commercial Painting Services From house painting, to deck staining, to wallpaper removal, Fresh Coat offers a wide range of painting and painting-related services. Your team of professional Charlotte painters will approach every job with service in mind, working every project as if it were theirs. You can even call us for commercial and office spaces, and since they\ll offer healthy options, your painters will have you back to work in no time. You\ll get quality and service at a price you can afford. Your personal project manager will keep you up-to-date on our progress throughout the entire process, and we always stand behind the quality of our work. Well even come in and paint one room so that you can feel confident in our process from the start. At Fresh Coat Painters, were proud to offer a Fresh New Way to Paint! Why Choose Fresh Coat Painters? Expert Residential & Commercial Painters Premium Brand Paints & Materials Free Firm Quote & Upfront Prices Trained Project Managers On Time, On Budget, & Done Right We Use Sherwin-Williams Paint & Products! Start imagining how we can transform your home with the Color Snap Visualizer. Learn More About us and what we do. Get in touch with our team at 704 761-7316 Today! Free Estimate! Limit one. Not valid with any other offer. Offer valid only at participating Fresh Coat Painters locations. The Fresh Coat Painters of Charlotte Difference At Fresh Coat Painters, we are committed to going above and beyond for our customers. We understand just how important your surroundings are, which is why we supply and use premium market products, including premium, low-odor, eco-friendly paint at no additional charge. Plus, we do everything we can to make your painting project as hassle-free as possible. Experience a Fresh New Way to Paint! Tired of comparing swatches that look nearly identical? Our color experts can help you determine which colors help bring your vision to life. Learn More People love Fresh Coat Painters! Learn why people love our services and continue to choose us for all of their painting needs. Reviews Don know anything about painting? No worries! Take a look through some of the commonly asked questions to learn more. Read FAQs The Fresh Coat Painters of Charlotte Whether you need the exterior or your Charlotte residential or commercial property updated with a fresh coat of paint, are interested in whole-home painting services, or want to learn more about our commercial painting options, we are here to help. Our team is happy to answer your questions and address your concerns every step of the way. Ask about our available fixed price promotions! We make your paint project easy for you because its what we love to do! Contact our professional painters in Charlotte. Areas We Serve To learn if we service your area, give us a call 24/7 at 704 761-7316! CharlotteFort MillMatthews 281052820328207282092821028211282262827028277297072970829715 Examples of Our Most Recent Work View Our Gallery))((+1-704-761-7316 +1-704-761-7316 charlotte fort mill matthews Charlotte, NC 28273 704 761-7316 Services Residential Painters Commercial Painters Other Services Free Quote Helpful Links FAQs Expert Tips Financing Reviews Company About Us Community Involvement Own a Franchise Careers Resources Locations Site Map Privacy Policy Accessibility Statement Intranet Fresh Coat Painters of Charlotte | All rights reserved | All franchise locations are independently owned and operated.)(x Your browser is out of date. To get the full experience of this website, please update to most recent version. Update My Browser)(Request an Appointment Schedule a Contact FREE Estimate Contact Your Local Fresh Coat Painters Personal Information First Name* Please enter your first name. Last Name* Please enter your last name. Email* This isn a valid email address. Please enter your email address. Phone* This isn a valid phone number. Please enter your phone number. Zip / Postal Code* Please enter your zip / postal code. Message* Please enter a message. Send My Information * indicates a required field. Fresh Coat Painters of Charlotte Serving charlotte fort mill matthews Would you like to make this your Location? Yes, Please Find A Different Location))))->0
(bGIF89a!,2;)->8
(( : Hot Tub Liquidators :)( 702.450.7727 Contact Hot Tub Liquidators Home About Our Family Our Service Yelp Reviews Hot Tub Covers Cover Measuring Guide Contact Dream Maker Spas Owners Manuals Tropic Seas Spas Owners Manuals Coast Spas Tub-Licious Patio Series Curve Spas BEST SELLER Swim Spas Infinity Edge Owners Manuals Dynasty Spas Viking Spas Passion Spas Wellis Spas Swim Spas Pre-Owned Tropic Seas Coast Spas Marquis DEEP Pre-Owned Sell a Spa Financing Home About Our Family Our Service Yelp Reviews Hot Tub Covers Cover Measuring Guide Contact Dream Maker Spas Owners Manuals Tropic Seas Spas Owners Manuals Coast Spas Tub-Licious Patio Series Curve Spas BEST SELLER Swim Spas Infinity Edge Owners Manuals Dynasty Spas Viking Spas Passion Spas Wellis Spas Swim Spas Pre-Owned Tropic Seas Coast Spas Marquis DEEP Pre-Owned Sell a Spa Financing "Worldclass Showroom"Must See! 125 Spas in Stock Exclusive Infinity Edge Hot TubsWorldwide Design Patent Factory Trained & Certified Service Technicians We Service What We Sell! "The Ultimate Sensory Experience!"Extreme LED Lighting, Sound & Hydrotherapy 1 1 We Educate Safety, Efficiency, Construction & Industry Exclusive Features! We Absolutely Refuse to Be Undersold Ray Klubnik Owner Hot Tub Liquidators Vanishing Edge Fox 5 Video Virtual Tour Coast Spas "The World Best Built Hot Tubs" Learn More Ray & Cheryl Klubnik Owner / Operators [emailprotected] World-Class Showroom SALES 702 450-7727 129 N. Gibson Rd. Henderson, NV 89014 ~ Business Hours ~ M-F 10am6pm Sat 9am4pm Closed Sunday ~ SPA SHOW Hours ~ Thur. - Friday - Saturday - SundayAll four days open 10am-7pm SERVICE 702 450-7727 108 Cassia Way Henderson , NV 89015 Copyright 2018 | HotTubLiquidators.com))->0
((MANANTIAL DE SALUD - Home)(Home Shop Iridology Services About us and more Contact Us Menu MANANTIAL DE SALUD Home Shop Iridology Services About us and more Contact Us 4254 E. CharlestonLas Vegas, NV 89104Call 7024525697Se habla EspaolFollow us on Facebook and Instagram to get super exclusive Promo Codes on your favorites items! Like Follow Business hoursMon: 9:30 am - 6:00 pmTues: 9:30 am - 6:00 pmWed: 9:30 am - 6:00 pmThur: 9:30 am - 6:00 pm Fri: 9:30 am - 6:00 pm Sat: 9:30 am - 5:00 pmSun: Closed HACEMOS ENTREGAS A SU CARRO! Estamos tan agradecidos a nuestros queridos clientes por su apoyo y confianza sobre su salud en este tiempo tan sensible en nuestras vidas.Pueden hacer su pedido en la puerta o por telefono. Se permite entrada a la tienda solo con cubre boca.LLAME 702 452-5697 WE OFFER CURBSIDE PICKUP!We truly appreciate all of our amazing customers for supporting us and trusting us with your health at this sensitive time in our lifes.You can place your order at the door or over the phone. Customers are allowed to enter the store only if wearing a face mask.TO CALL 702 452-5697 ANUNCIO DE COVID-19Tenemos productos para el sistema inmune para toda su familia! Todavia tenemos desinfectante para los manos, Cubreboca desechables, Agua Oxigenada 35% Vitamina C, Elderberry, Zinc, ACF, Virux, Plata Coloidal, para las alergias, te de diente de leon, manzanilla y te verde, avena, levadura de cerveza, linaza, chia y otras cositas de comida, y cajas de botellas de agua akalina.Por pauta gubernamental por la seguridad de nuestra comunidad, clientes y nuestros empleados, estamos tomando precauciones adicionales en limpieza y espacio personal porque la salud y bienestar de nuestro comunidad es nuestra mayor prioridad.Hasta nuevo aviso, nuestro servicio del Analisis del Iris Holistico estara suspendido hasta que los numeros de nuevos casos del Covid-19 comienza disminuyar. Puedevisitarhttps://nvhealthresponse.nv.gov/para ver el progreso de casos en Las Vegas.Estamos mejor ofreciendo consultas con el Sr. Carlos Alvarado y Martha Alva gratis, de 15 minutos por telefono para recomendaciones. Desintoxicacin Inica por los Pies, la Vibra Terapia y el Sauna FIR siguenen servicio.Si est enfermo o inmunodeprimido, es muy importante que se qude en casa y descanse. Continuaremos brindando nuestro atento servicio para nuestra comunidad mientras sea fsicamente posible.Les deseamos Salud y Bienestar. COVID-19 ANNOUNCEMENTWe are still in stock for your families immune needs! We still have Hand Sanitizers, disposable Face masks, Vitamin C, Elderberry, Zinc, 35% Food Grade Hydrogen Peroxide, ACF, Virux,Colloidal Silver,Childrens supplements by Herbs for Kids, for seasonal allergies, rolled oats and other food items, and cases of bottled alkaline water and green tea cans.Per government guidelines, for the safety of our community, customers and our staff, we are taking extra precautions in cleanliness and personal space as our communitys health and wellness is of our highest concern.Until further notice, we are not taking appointments for our Holistic Iris Analysis until we see that the number of new cases of Covid-19 begin to continually decline. You may also visithttps://nvhealthresponse.nv.gov/to stay up to date with the progress on new cases in Las Vegas.Instead we are offering free 15 minute phone consultations with Mr. Carlos Alvarado and Martha Alva, for suggesting natural supplements. Ionic Foot Detox, Vibra Therapy and FIR Sauna are available.If youre sick or immune suppressed, kindly stay home and rest. We will continue providing our knowledgeable and caring customer service for our community as long as physically possible.Stay Calm. Stay Safe. Stay Healthy. After 15 wonderful years of practicing Iris Analysis and having seen over 10,000 amazing pairs of Irides, Mr. Carlos Alvarado will be going into retirement. He will continue to see past and current clients for the year of 2020 but will not be taking on any new Clients as of March 2020.New clients will now be seen by Ms. Martha M. Alva, Holistic Iridologist and Holistic Wellness Practioner. Daughter to Mr. Carlos and Mrs. Martha Alvarado and General Manager of Manantial de Salud since 2013,isCertified in MYA InternationalLaboratories,Magnetic Resonance Health Analyzer equipment, Certified Advanced Holistic Iridology, Certified Intermediate Holistic Iridology,Certified Trained Product Expert in Terry Naturally, Certified Basic Holistic Iridology and continues to expand her knowledge in Alternative and Holistic health.Ours istrulya family owned and run business since 1998 and with your support and our dedication and passion to everything Natual Health we hope to still support our local community for many more decades!We look forward to seeing what the next 22 years have in store! Thank you Las Vegas!Despues de 15 largos aos de practicar el Analisis del Iris y ver visto mas de 10,000 pares de Iris, el Seor Carlos Alvaradose jubilar. El continuaria a atender a sus clientes actuales por lo que resta del ao 2020, pero comenzando Marzo 2020 no va tomar nuevos clientes.Nuevos clientes ahora serian atendidos por la Seorita Martha M. Alva, Iridologa Holistico y Practicante de Bienestar Holistico. Hija de Carlos Y Martha E. Alvarado y Gerente General de Manantial de Salud desde el 2013, es Certificada enMYA InternationalLaboratories,Magnetic Resonance Health Analyzer equipment, Certificada en Advanced Holistic Iridology, Certificada en Intermediate Holistic Iridology,Trained Product Expert in Terry Naturally, yCertificada en Basic Holistic Iridology y continua a ampliar su conocimiento en Salud Alternativa y Holistico.Lo de lo nuestro verdaderamente es un negocio familair desde el 1998 e con su apoyo e nuestro dedicacion e pasion a todo lo que es la Salud Natural, deseamos todavia pueder dar apoyo a nuestro comunidad local por muchas mas decadas! Gracias por todo Las Vegas! We carry a great selection for your convenience of :Ear Candles, Himalayan Salt Lamps, Incense, Chakra Candles, Crystals and Smudge Sticks, Bagged and Loose Teas, Vegan supplements, Non-GMO or Organic supplements, Childrens supplements, Local Honey and Manuka Honey, Natural Beverages and Snacks, Health Books, 100% Pure Essential Oils and Diffusers, Full Body Cleanse and detox kits, and Natural Personal Care products like Hair Dye, Shampoos, Conditioners, Soap Bars, Lotions and Dental Care.We take great care and consideration into what we carry.Aloe Life, American Health, Arizona Naturals, Bach Flowers, Bell Lifestyle Products, Bio Nutrition, Bob Redmill, Bragg, Bravo Teas, Buddha Teas, CBD balms by Muscle MX, Cell Food, Cell Power, Emerita, Enzymedica, Fibra Kania, Flor Essence, Guayaki Yerba Mate drinks, Health Plus, Herbatint, Herbs for Kids, Hyalogic, Hylands, Kyolic, L.A. Naturals, Las Vegas Allergy Mix, Lidtke, Life Seasons, Life Flo, Local Raw Honey, Royal Jelly and Bee Pollen, Maca Magic, MacroLife Naturals, Magic Mud, Michaels, MRM, MYA, Natrol, Natural Care, Natural Sources,Natural Vitality,Natures Plus, Natures Sunshine Products, Natures Way, Neocell, New Chapter, Nordic Naturals, NOW Foods, Nutribiotic, Oregons Wild Harvest, Original Sprouts, Planetary Herbals, PlusCBD Oil, Pure Essence Labs, Pure Planet, Rainbow Light, Renew Life, Ridgecrest Herbals, Sibu Beauty, Silver Wings, Similisan, Solaray, Source Naturals, Terry Naturally, Thayers, The Relief Products, Trace Minerals Research and much more! Yes! We carry 35% Food Grade Hydrogen Peroxide! Space is limited. Appointment is required for an Iris Analysis.To schedule an appointment call us at 702-452-5697. We do not accept insurance. We are not a clinic.Manantial de Salud Appointment Cancellation PolicyYour appointment is important to us, as it is reserved exclusively for you. Please understand, when you do not bother to cancel your appointment, we miss the opportunity to schedule another client. Appointment reminders are done two days in advance. Pleasecall no less than 24 hours tocancel.Remember, it is your responsibility to confirm or cancel and to let us know if you will arrive late.El espacio es limitado. Se requiere hacer cita para un Anlisis del Iris.Para hacer cita llamar al 702-452-5697. No aceptamos aseguranza. No somos una clinica.Poliza de Cancelacion de Manantial de SaludSu cita es importante para nosotros, como es reservado exclusivamente para usted. Por favor comprenda cuando se le olvidecancelar su cita, se pierde la oportunidad de atender a otro cliente. Se le recordara su cita dos das antes.Se les pide llamar minimo 24 horas antes para canceler o cambiar su cita para otra fecha.Recuerde, es su propia responsabilidad de confirmar o cancelar y dejarsaber que llegara tarde. Vitamin C, Vitamin A, Vitamin D, B Complex, Vitamin B1, Vitamin B2, Vitamin B3, Vitamin B5, Vitamin B6, Vitamin B12, Vitamin K, CBD, Anxiety, Stress, Stress relief, Panic attacks, depression, depressed, St johns wort, Ashwagandha, Passion Flower, Insomnia, Sleep, Valerian, Magnesium, Magnesium Chloride, Magnesium citrate, We Would Love to Have You Visit Soon! Home Shop Iridology Services About us and more Contact Us))->2
(( Dermatologist Toronto | Dermatology Centre | Skin Care Clinic)((416.633.0001 info@torontodermatologycentre.com COVID-19 Update. Learn More Search for: Login / Register 0)(0 Primary Menu MENUMENUAbout Our ClinicOur Medical TeamOur StaffSpecialty ClinicsBlogIn The MediaCommunity SupportPartners Treatments BelkyraBotox and Fillers BOTOX for HyperhidrosisCosmetic BOTOXBotox for MigrainesFillers CoolSculptingFacialsLasers ProFractional LaserLaser Hair RemovalPhotorejuvenation IPL / BBL Excel V/ Laser Genesis MicrobladingMicrodermabrasionMicroneedlingMole MappingPeelsPhotodynamic TherapyPhototherapyPlastic SurgeryPRP Platelet-Rich Plasma PRP Hair RestorationRemoval of Benign GrowthsSpider Leg Veins Conditions ConditionsAcne Acne Acne Scarring Perioral Dermatitis Rosacea General Skin Care Diabetic Skin Care Dry Skin Hyperhidrosis Sun Protection Infections Molluscum Contagiosum Nail Fungus Pityriasis Rosea Warts Inflammatory Skin Conditions Eczema & Atopic Dermatitis Granuloma Annulare Keratosis Pilaris Pityriasis Alba Psoriasis Seborrheic Dermatitis Skin Lesions Actinic Keratosis Age spots or liver spots Angiofibroma Benign Skin Growths Blood vessels Face Cherry Angiomas Corns & Calluses Cysts Dermatofibroma Epidermoid Cyst Keloid Scars Keratosis Pilaris Lipoma Milia Cysts Moles Pearly Penile Papules Pyogenic Granuloma Scars Seborrheic Keratoses Skin Tags Stretch Marks Syringomas Vascular Birthmarks Xanthelasma or Cholesterol Deposits Skin Cancers Skin Cancer Basal Cell Cancer BCC Keratoacanthoma KA Malignant Melanoma MM Squamous Cell Cancer SCC Bowen Disease Pigmentary Skin Problems Melasma FAQ General FAQMedical FAQCosmetic FAQSurgical FAQPhototherapy FAQ ContactShop Book Now Got A Question?)(Toronto Dermatology Centre About the clinic Canadas premier skin care clinic The Toronto Dermatology Centre is a beautiful, unique and complete skin care clinic conveniently situated in Toronto. Our centre is pleased to offer the most advanced and comprehensive skin care solutions to maximize the look and feel of your skin. The goal of our Toronto Dermatology clinic is to guide and educate you on your medical and cosmetic dermatology concerns and to create valued relationships based on trust, integrity, innovation, and ongoing education. To access the best dermatologists in Toronto, contact our clinic. Our Medical Team Our Staff Our Services Our world-class Toronto dermatologists offer a variety of cosmetic dermatology anti-aging options including Botox, wrinkle fillers e.g. Juvederm, Restylane , lasers e.g. IPL/BBL photorejuvenation, laser hair removal, Profractional laser resurfacing, CoolSculpting , microneedling +/- platelet rich plasma PRP , chemical peels, microdermabrasion & sclerotherapy for leg veins. Removal of Moles, Skin Tags & Cysts Mole Mapping Botox and Fillers Lasers Browse Conditions Acne Acne Scarring Actinic Keratosis Age spots or liver spots Cysts Eczema & atopic dermatitis Hyperhidrosis/Excess sweating Moles Psoriasis Rosacea Skin tags Our Clinic The goal of our Toronto Dermatology clinic is to guide and educate you on your medical and cosmetic dermatology concerns and to create valued relationships based on trust, integrity, innovation, and ongoing education. To access the best dermatologists in Toronto, contact our clinic. Our dermatologists and staff strive to provide our patients a memorable, comfortable and personalized medical & cosmetic dermatology experience. A dermatologist is the only true skin care expert with many years of training 4 years undergraduate + 4 years of medical school + 5 years dermatology residency +/- extra fellowship training and accreditation from the Royal College of Physicians & Surgeons of Canada to be able to use the term dermatologist. Shop Skin Care Products At Toronto Dermatology Centre, we offer a range of medical-grade skin care products from top skin care brands, only available in dermatologist offices. From acne treatments to anti-aging skin care, whether youre concerned about skin discolouration or in search of an effective solution for blemishes, youll find everything you need in our shop. Browse products with the highest levels of active ingredients for effective skin care. SHOP SKIN CARE PRODUCTS Hear What People Are Saying Dr. Jennifer Upitis is the best dermatologist I have ever been to. She is patient, provides all knowledge necessary to make an informed decision, and always a pleasure to deal with. She prescribed the right product to clear my acne on the FIRST visit and I couldnt be happier. The front desk staff are lovely as well. All around a fantastic dermatology centre. Katarina Rajic 16:16 03 Mar 20 Clean, prompt, many skincare products, many skincare treatments. TiGhana Tv 14:18 01 Feb 19 Beautiful efficient staff, friendly service, no waiting time! Doctor diagnosed the concern immediately, and also offered me a consultation at the Medical Treatment/Beauty for another unrelated issue--yet something I had also asked her about. Excellent service Johan Thomas 22:26 10 Feb 20 Beautiful office, efficient staff, friendly service, no waiting time! Doctor diagnosed the concern immediately, and also offered me a consultation at the Medical Treatment/Beauty for another unrelated issue--yet something I had also asked her about. Excellent service--very pleased! Moni H 21:48 10 Feb 20 Featured On Follow us on Instagram @torontodermatologycentre Thinking of visiting Torontos premier skin clinic soon? Fill out the inquiry form below and let us know your area of interest. Make an inquiry Name:*Email:* Phone:Area of InterestArea of Interest- Please Select -BOTOX for fine lines and wrinklesBOTOX for hyperhidrosisCoolSculptingChemical peelsFiller injections e.g. Restylane, JuvedermMicroneedling/PRPMicrodermabrasionLaser resurfacingLaser hair removalPhotorejuvenation IPL PRP hair restorationScar treatmentsSpider veinsOptionalDetails: Call us today @ 416.633.0001)(Subscribe to our mailing list and stay up to date Your Name *Email required * Example: Yes, I would like to receive emails from Toronto Dermatology Centre. You can unsubscribe anytime Constant Contact Use.By submitting this form, you are consenting to receive marketing emails from: Toronto Dermatology Centre, 4256 Bathurst St., Suite 400, Toronto, ON, M3H 5Y8, http://www.torontodermatologycentre.com. You can revoke your consent to receive emails at any time by using the SafeUnsubscribe link, found at the bottom of every email. Emails are serviced by Constant Contact Toronto Dermatology Centre 4256 Bathurst Street #400 Toronto, Ontario M3H 5Y8 Get Directions Privacy Policy & Disclaimer Shipping & Return Policy Blog Sitemap 2020 | Toronto Dermatology Center. All Rights Reserved. Powered by InView Marketing. About Our Clinic Our Medical Team Our Staff Specialty Clinics In The Media Community Support Partners Treatments Belkyra CoolSculpting Facials Lasers Microblading Microdermabrasion Microneedling Mole Mapping Peels Photodynamic Therapy Phototherapy Plastic Surgery PRP Platelet-Rich Plasma Removal of Benign Growths Spider Leg Veins Conditions Acne & related conditions Acne Acne Scarring Perioral Dermatitis Rosacea General skin care Diabetic Skin Care Dry Skin Hyperhidrosis/Excessive Sweating Clinic Sun Protection Infections Molluscum Contagiosum Nail Fungus Pityriasis Rosea Tinea versicolor Warts Inflammatory skin conditions Eczema & Atopic Dermatitis Granuloma Annulare Keratosis Pilaris Pityriasis Alba Psoriasis Seborrheic Dermatitis Skin lesions Actinic Keratosis Age spots or liver spots Angiofibroma Benign Skin Growths Blood vessels Face Cherry Angiomas Corns & Calluses Cysts Dermatofibroma Epidermoid Cyst Keloid Scars Keratosis Pilaris Lipoma Milia Cysts Moles Pearly Penile Papules Scars Seborrheic keratoses or Granny warts Skin Tags Syringomas Vascular Birthmarks Xanthelasma or Cholesterol Deposits Skin cancers Skin Cancer Basal Cell Cancer BCC Keratoacanthoma KA Malignant Melanoma MM Squamous Cell Cancer SCC Bowen Disease Pigmentary Skin Problems Melasma Blog FAQ General FAQ Medical FAQ Cosmetic FAQ Surgical FAQ Phototherapy FAQ Contact Get Directions My Account Shop Shop Skin Type All Skin Types Combination Dry Normal Oily Sensitive Shop Skin Condition Aging Dry/Dehydrated Acne Discoloration Sensitive All Skin Conditions Blotchiness Shop Brand SkinMedica SkinCeuticals EltaMD Footlogix Jane Iredale Oxygenetix Latisse Stratpharma Vivier ZO Skin Health Shop Categories Brighten Cleanse Correct Hydrate/Moisturize Makeup Prevent Protect Targeted Treatment Tools Gift Card Wishlist FREE SHIPPING ON ALL ORDERS ABOVE $75 CAD | Gift Card)))->2
(Not Acceptable! Not Acceptable!An appropriate representation of the requested resource could not be found on this server. This error was generated by Mod_Security.)->5
((Database Error)(Error establishing a database connection))->8
((Access to this page has been denied.)((Please verify you are a human)(Access to this page has been denied because we believe you are using automation tools to browse the website. This may happen as a result of the following: Javascript is disabled or blocked by an extension ad blockers for example Your browser does not support cookies Please make sure that Javascript and cookies are enabled on your browser and that you are not blocking them from loading. Reference ID: #fee8a970-c3bc-11ea-92e1-9fa98f2e6aa8)(Powered by PerimeterX , Inc.)))->0
((Gilbert Plumbing and AC Repair | Frederick & Sons LLC)(((We are committed to keeping our community safe. In an effort to reduce the spread of the COVID-19 pandemic, we are currently taking extra precautions and following the CDC guidelines to protect you and your home. Please do not hesitate to contact us today.)(Call Today! Available 24/7. 480.525.6763 Back Home About Back Financing Why Hire Plumbing Back Commercial Plumbing Emergency Plumbing Services Gas Line Service Water Heaters Water Treatment Air Conditioning Back AC Installation AC Repair Emergency AC Repair Heating Back Heating Repair Furnace Installation Club Membership FAQ Specials Contact Us Menu About Us Contact Specials))((Gilbert & Mesa A/C & Plumbing Specialists With 35+ years of experience, Frederick & Sons provides service you can trust! Request Your Free Quote)(Gilbert Plumbing and AC Repair Services Serving Phoenixs East Valley for 35+ Years Frederick & Sons LLC is a family-owned and operated company, and we have been known for top quality workmanship and respectful, affordable service since 1980. Our plumbers and AC repair technicians are fully licensed, bonded, and insured, serving clients throughout Gilbert, Mesa, and the East Valley. We also guarantee all of our work. We build our relationships on the trust and complete satisfaction of our customers. Before any work begins, we will give you a written estimate that fully informs you of the timeframe and costs of plumbing or air conditioning repair, including parts and labor. You will always pay a fair price, and you wont be hit with any nasty, surprise fees. We will be respectful to your home, thoroughly cleaning up our work area after we have quickly and effectively finished repairs. You can expect the high-caliber service and results you deserve from our experienced plumbers and air conditioning technicians. Call 480 525-6763 to get your free quote! We are available 24/7 for emergency service. Why Hire Us)(Air Conditioning We provide installations, repairs, and maintenance on virtually all types of A/C systems. Learn More Heating We service heating units in homes and business across the entire East Valley. Learn More Plumbing If you e facing a plumbing emergency, turn to Frederick & Sons today. We e available for same-day service! Learn More For Service You Can Trust, Contact Us Today! We are available around the clock for emergency service. Every member of our team is licensed, bonded, and insured. We\ve proudly served Gilbert & Mesa since 1980. 24-hour emergency plumbing and A/C repair service available. We guarantee all of our work. We offer free quotes, affordable rates, and straightforward pricing. We are drug tested, background checked, and professionally trained. Name Please enter your name. Email This isn a valid email address. Please enter your email address. Phone This isn a valid phone number. Please enter your phone number. You entered an invalid number. Are you a new customer? Are you a new customer? Yes, I am a potential new customer. No, I\m a current existing customer. I\m neither Please select an option. Message Please enter a message. Send Exclusive Club Memberships Regular Maintenance, Discounted Service! The best way to stay on top of your systems and avoid that one, colossal breakdown is to be proactive and make plans for regular maintenance. This keeps your systems running efficiently and effectively and for a much longer duration! For just $14.95 a month, less than $0.49 a day, you can become a part of our highly beneficial Club Membership. With this plan, you receive priority appointments within 24 hours, 2 free tune-ups, significant savings on repairs and indoor air quality devices, and lowered service fee of $29.95. Join the Club! Our Customers Come First Read Some of Our Recent Testimonials Awesome! Great service! Frederick and Sons was by far the most professional of the bunch. They are the best at what they do. Frederick and Sons were superior on every aspect of my service call! The best in Chandler, AZ. They went above and beyond my expectations. Read Customer Reviews Online Specials 500 A/C Installation Stay comfortable year-round! Save on an A/C installation with Frederick & Sons today. View More Deals Our Brands Get Your Free Quote Now Ask Us About Our Straightforward Pricing! Our relationships are built on trust and the complete satisfaction of our customers. Before work begins, you get a free written estimate. Contact Our Experts))((Location 170 S. William Dillard Dr. Building #6, Suite 117, Gilbert, AZ 85233 Map & Directions [+] Call Today 480 525-6763 Follow Us Home About Contact Us Privacy Policy Site Map x Your browser is out of date. To get the full experience of this website, please update to most recent version. Update My Browser)(ROC #241512, #245339 2020 All Rights Reserved.))))->0
((Wine Rack)((*You must be of legal drinking age to enter. *Birth Date Month Jan Feb Mar Apr May Jun Jul Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec Day 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 Year 1900 1901 1902 1903 1904 1905 1906 1907 1908 1909 1910 1911 1912 1913 1914 1915 1916 1917 1918 1919 1920 1921 1922 1923 1924 1925 1926 1927 1928 1929 1930 1931 1932 1933 1934 1935 1936 1937 1938 1939 1940 1941 1942 1943 1944 1945 1946 1947 1948 1949 1950 1951 1952 1953 1954 1955 1956 1957 1958 1959 1960 1961 1962 1963 1964 1965 1966 1967 1968 1969 1970 1971 1972 1973 1974 1975 1976 1977 1978 1979 1980 1981 1982 1983 1984 1985 1986 1987 1988 1989 1990 1991 1992 1993 1994 1995 1996 1997 1998 1999 2000 2001 2002 2003 2004 2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 Submit)(Your Account Log In Cart 0 items: $0.00 Close Shopping Cart Item was successfully added to your cart Qty Item Description Price Total Subtotal $0.00 View Cart)(Wine Rack Home Home Our Wines New On Sale Bestsellers Red White Ros Sparkling Ice Wine Light Wine Store Locator Recipes Cocktail Recipes Perfect Pairings Tips & Tricks Careers Contact Us TOP Featured Products Saintly | the good ros VQA Niagara Peninsula You dont have to be a saint to drink this divinely good ros that is the perfect balance of dry, fresh and fruity. Aromas of fresh strawberries and honeydew melon with a balanced and crisp finish. NEW! 2 Review s Add To Cart $17.95 / Bottle SKU: 80084888 Add To Cart 2019 Jackson-Triggs Reserve Sparkling Moscato 7 Review s Add To Cart $19.95 / Bottle SKU: 80032606 Add To Cart 2018 Inniskillin Discovery Series East-West Cabernet-Shiraz TOP RATED! Case Sale Pricing! 3 Review s Add To Cart $17.95 / Bottle SKU: 988346 Add To Cart 12 or more $15.95 About Us With 164 boutique stores conveniently located throughout Ontario, Wine Rack is here for you! Wine Rack is the place to find an excellent selection of quality wine, refreshments and cream liqueurs suitable for any occasion. We carry over 150 different products from well known brands such as Jackson-Triggs, Inniskillin, OPEN, Bodacious, Naked Grape, Growers Cider, Cartier Irish Cream and many more! Whether you are looking for a VQA approved wine or a cider made from natural fruit flavours, weve got you covered! Our staff are approachable and always available to help with your wine needs. Come check us out in your neighbourhood and wed be happy to help you find the perfect bottle of wine. Learn more >> Important Update How Wine Rack is addressing COVID-19 Thursday April 9th, 2020 Our Commitment to You During the Coronavirus Pandemic On Saturday April 11th, we are re-opening select Wine Rack street and strip-mall stores across Ontario. Learn More >> Wine Rack Raises a Whopping $70K for Feed Ontario, Crushing Fundraising Goals In mid-May, our Wine Rack team set out with a goal of raising $50,000 to support Feed Ontarios Emergency Response Initiative. In just one month, our stores with the support of our customers raised $70,000 to Feed Ontario, far surpassing the original goal! Learn More Stay connected Be the first to know about offers, contests, recipes and more! Subscribe Contact Us Retail Division of Arterra Wines Canada 441 Courtneypark Drive E. Mississauga, Ontario L5T 2V3 Customer service inquries only: T | 1-877-919-7587 E | customerservice@winerack.com Media inquiries: E | media@arterracanada.com *Prices subject to change without notice. While quantities last. All Rights Reserved. Follow Us Privacy Policy Careers About Wine Rack News Winery Ecommerce by WineDirect Copyright 2020 Wine Rack)))->8
(( HOME - Chef Alyssas Kitchen | Charlotte, NC)(((Chef Alyssas Kitchen | Charlotte, NC Classes Full Class List Virtual Cooking Classes Team Building / Private Events Kids, Teens & Culinary Camps Gift Card Archive Catering & Family Table Meals Catering Family Table Meals Brunch Saturday Morning Brunch Products Champagne-Tomato Jam Smoked Chili and Rosemary Mustard Where to Buy Info About Us In The Media Our Team Our Partners Contact)(Classes Full Class List Virtual Cooking Classes Team Building / Private Events Kids, Teens & Culinary Camps Gift Card Archive Catering & Family Table Meals Catering Family Table Meals Brunch Saturday Morning Brunch Products Champagne-Tomato Jam Smoked Chili and Rosemary Mustard Where to Buy Info About Us In The Media Our Team Our Partners Contact)(Welcome to Our Kitchen We help people enjoy delicious food in a bunch of ways. Our hands-on classes teach cooks at every age how to make seasonal, flavorful meals at home. Our private events are designed for interaction and lots of foodie fun. Our corporate catering service moves lunchtime beyond the basics. Plus, we offer Saturday brunch, prepared meals for the family, and products that make healthy cooking a breeze. Your next great meal is waiting at Chef Alyssas Kitchen. [Update 6/28] All previous Virtual Cooking Classes are available online. Summer Kids/Teens In-Person camps will be held as scheduled. New for 2020: Virtual Culinary and Baking Camps. Adult public In-Person cooking classes will begin Mid August. Adult private events can be scheduled and held beginning in July. Our kitchen or yours. Either way, youll find fresh inspiration for the table. Book a Class Family Table Meals: freshly cooked meals for dinner! Mon Fri. View Menu & Order Chef Alyssas Table For those days when theres no time to work or play in the kitchen, our catering service and cafe are here so that you can still enjoy a flavorful, satisfying meal. We can help in three ways: Saturday brunch counter service: 9 am 2 pm Corporate lunch catering Family Table Meals Learn More > Adult Cooking Classes Our adult classes make cooking at home approachable and fun. We hold all of them in our custom-designed kitchen, which is equipped with everything youll need to create a delicious meal. Our roster is always changing and is designed to accommodate cooks at every skill level. Previous Virtual Cooking Class Previous Virtual Cooking Class Date: Friday July 31st, 2020 Time: 12:00 am Price: $15.00 Learn more & register > Looking for more classes?Check out our full schedule. View Full Schedule > Private Events Your date, your time. Chef Alyssas Kitchen is the perfect place to host your next work event, get-together, or special celebration. Plan Your Event > Classes for Kids and Teens Our summer camps have been helping kids gain skills that they can enjoy for the rest of their lives. Now, weve expanded our programming for younger cooks to include special classes year-round, even some that can be taken together with a parent. For Summer 2020, in-person camps are in session. With virtual culinary and baking camps available anytime this summer. See Full Schedule > Our line of chef-inspired products make cooking at home more simple. LEARN MORE Charlotte Magazine Best Cooking Class in Charlotte 2015 2018; Best Cooking Camp in Charlotte 2017 Tripping.coms Top 9 Best Cooking Classes in the US 2016 Entrepreneur Magazine Top 360 Entrepreneurial Companies in the US 2017, 2018 and 2019)(Chef Alyssa Kitchen Get the freshest Chef Alyssa news. Email Address:* Our Mailing Lists: Chef Alyssa Kitchen Kids Culinary Camp and Classes Catering 704 817-7568 4001-C Yancey Rd #100Charlotte NC 28217 info@chefalyssaskitchen.com Liability Form Policies FAQ Contact Click here to purchase a gift card Copyright 2020))(Frequently Asked Questions Question: HOW DO THE CLASSES WORK? Answer: Each class is completely hands-on, interactive and a lot of fun. We bring all the kitchen supplies and ingredients youll need. Youll be stationed at tables of four and will work with your table to produce the meal. If there are more than four people in your group, you may be split up. If you have in your group. E-mail us ahead of time! Question: HOW MANY PEOPLE ARE IN EACH CLASS? Answer: Up to 24 guests attend each class, or six tables of four each. We can host larger groups for private events or team-building classes. Question: IS THERE A WAITING LIST FOR CLASSES THAT ARE FULL? Answer: Yes. The waiting list is first come, first serve. If youd like to be notified of any cancellations, please contact us. Please include the date and name of the class es youre interested in. Question: WHAT IF IVE NEVER COOKED BEFORE? Answer: Sign up for our Beginner Class! Well go over the basics of the basics. Question: WHAT HAPPENS IF I COME WITH A FRIEND WHO IS NOT AS GOOD OF A COOK AS I AM? Answer: Our recommendation would be to find a class level somewhere in between we have five , but not too advanced. Since youll be working in a group, no one person will complete every part of the meal. The class environment designed to not be intimidating. Please be sure to stay within the cooking level that you are comfortable with. Question: DO I GET TO EAT WHAT IVE MADE? Answer: Of course! If youd like to take anything extra home with you, please bring a reusable container with you. We try to be as green as possible! Question: CAN I TAKE HOME A COPY OF THE RECIPE? Answer: Sure. We make that easy for you by providing nifty recipe books. You can even take notes as we go along. Question: CAN I BRING MY OWN BEER OR WINE TO THE CLASS? Answer: Yes, you can. Only for public cooking class. All private and special events must purchase directly through us. We carry a great selection of wine and beer. Question: CAN I BRING MY SON OR DAUGHTER? Answer: Only if they are above 21. We do offer weeklong Kids & Teens Culinary Camps in the summer and host hands-on cooking classes throughout the year for ages 7 to 18. Learn more about our programming for kids. Question: WHAT IF I SIGN UP FOR A CLASS BUT HAVE TO WORK LATE. CAN I CANCEL? Answer: It depends when you let us know. Please refer to our cancellation and refund policies above. Question: DO YOU HAVE GIFT CARDS? Answer: We do. We email certificates that can be presented as a gift. Question: DO YOU OFFER PRIVATE EVENTS? Answer: Yes, we frequently host team-building, birthday parties and other gatherings. We can fit up to 24 in a regular private event. If youre looking for a team-building idea, consider our Chopped Challenges. We also have a Tapas Tasting for groups up to 75 guests. Question: ARE YOU HIRING? CAN I GET A JOB WITH CHEF ALYSSAS KITCHEN? Answer: We are! We are always looking for hard-working, enthusiastic and reliable culinary assistants and line cooks. Most of our positions do require a culinary degree and 1+ years of professional experience. Please e-mail us your information for consideration. If youd like to learn more, please visit our Career Page! Currently we are looking for an organizer for our Family Table Meals Monday Friday; 3 pm 9 pm Close)(Policies We get it. Life can be unpredictable at times. As much as wed like to see you in class, something might come up. On our side, weve made non-refundable purchases and scheduled the appropriate staff, so we have to find a balance. Listed below are our policiesand some possible solutions for you if you cant attend. CANCELLATIONS For public events.If you cancel up to 7 days before the class date, you will receive a full refund for the amount of your class ticket. If you cancel 72 hours in advance, you will receive 50% of your class ticket amount back. We cannot refund you for cancellations made within 72 hours of a class. For private events, please refer to event agreement form. TRANSFERS Our tickets are transferable, so think about your friends and family if youre outside the window for a refund. If someone can take your place, you just have to let us know. Close)))->8
(You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.)->8
((Shear Sensations)(Home Hair Services Location Are you searching for quality salon services in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, and the surrounding area? Shear Sensations is a locally owned and operated full-service salon. We want you to look your best no matter if you have a special occasion or just want to look and feel good. With our relaxing environment and professional services, you\ll be able to wipe your slate clean and feel refreshed every time you leave our salon. Call us at 412 661-0446 during regular business hours to schedule your next appointment today. Looking for a service you don see listed on our site? Just ask and we\ll try to accommodate you! Shear Sensations Accepts Cash Personal Checks Gift Certificates Discover, Visa, and MasterCard ** All Prices are Subject to change ** Closed Sundays & Mondays / Tuesdays 10-3 / Wednesdays 11-3:30 / Thursdays 12-8 / Fridays 11-3:30 / Saturdays 9-4 / Call For An Appointment today! 412 661-0446))->6
(( Moving Forward Senior Move Managers Moving Seniors in Madison, WI)((FOLLOW US CALL 608-395-1821 E-MAIL US Home Our Services Moving Services About Our Team Senior Moving FAQ Video Testimonials Employment Contact Us Home Our Services Moving Services About - Our Team Senior Moving FAQ Video Testimonials Employment Contact Us Home Our Services Moving Services About Our Team Senior Moving FAQ Video Testimonials Employment Contact Us)(Senior Move ManagersMoving Forward helps seniors and their families plan, coordinate and organize every detail of their move for a smooth and easy transition.Call now for a free consultationMoving Forward is a proud member of the National Association of Senior Move Managers NASMM and the FIRST Wisconsin company with a NASMM A+ certification.Read our latest blogJul 22, 2019Moving Forward in The Isthmus, Madison, WIThe challenges facing seniors as they downsize and move were discussed in this article in the Isthmus. https://isthmus.com/arts/emphasis/moving-forward-senior-movers/ ...May 8, 2019Dementia Friendly Training for StaffGreat In Service today with all my peeps. Our special guest from my father-in-law once removed. Bruce Stenz And Snuffy Hagen. Safety training and dementia...Feb 21, 2019Moving Forward Helps Seniors with the Comforts of HomeMeet Tauni Koch, sales leader at the Jefferson Retirement Community. She shares the benefits of working with Moving Forward Senior Move Managers. Call 608-395-1821 today...Feb 5, 2019Reconciling Modern Minimalism with Waste Not, Want NotAcross the nation, people eager to simplify their lives are decluttering their homes with a vengeance.The overall trend is good; a generation is realizing that...Jan 25, 2019Moving Forward Remains Wisconsin only NASMM A+ Accredited Senior Move ManagersMoving Forward NASMM A+ Accreditation Certificate 2019 Moving Forward has once again been awarded the A+ Accreditation by the National Association of Senior Move Managers NASMM ...Jan 10, 2019Life Transitions 2019Thursday, Jan. 17th, 12 - 1:30 pm OR Thursday, Feb. 21st, 12 - 1:30 pm Both at 5609 Medical Circle, Suite 201, Madison Beverages &...Jan 9, 2019I\ll Never Be As Happy As Tom, Sally, or . . .Are you happy? Do you ever feel like other people are happier than you? I have a dear friend who is one of the most positive...Apr 9, 2018Do You Have a Loved One that You Wish Was Less Negative?It can be hard when the people we care about are chronically unhappy or negative. We can see how their attitude is hurting their quality...Moving Forward is a proud member of these organizations)(2020 Moving Forward is a proud member of the National Association of Senior Move Managers NASMM CALL 608-395-1821 E-MAIL US)))->0
(( Not Found | The Keg Steakhouse + Bar)((Skip to menu)(Skip to main content Choose your restaurant English Franais Main navigation Expand mobile navigation Menu Dinner Lunch Bar Wine Cocktail Hour Kids Desserts Locations Gift cards Careers Get a table Order Online Get a table Not Found 404 Unfortunately the page you are looking for is no longer available. Back to homepage Sign up for our newsletter Sign up for our newsletter, serving up exclusive sneak peeks at upcoming special events, limited-time seasonal menus, news, promotions, drink recipes and more. Sign up Main footer Connect with us Facebook Instagram Twitter LinkedIn Guest Feedback Contact us Franchises Investors: Keg income fund The Keg Spirit Foundation Keg products Accessibility policy Terms of use Privacy)))->8
((VW Thing Parts and Accessories - THE THING SHOP)(((Items0 | Sub Total$0.00 Checkout)(Home About Us Account Login Testimonials Wish List Events Contact Us Site Map F.A.Q.)( Search Description Item Number))(PARTS INDEX Specials EARLY THINGS 1969-1972 Gifts Hard to Find Items Rarest of Rare Accessories Brakes Body Bumpers & Guards Car Covers Controls & Pedal Cluster Electrical Engine Exhaust System Front Axle & Steering Fuel System Interior Mirrors Nuts & Bolts Off Road Items Restoration Kits Rubber Parts Rear Axle Tops and Side Curtains Transmission Seats Sheet Metal Wheels & Tires ACCOUNT INFO VIEW BASKET ACCOUNT INFO CATALOG ADDRESS BOOK The Thing Shop sells parts and accessories for restoration of VW Thing cars - Type 181 - Kubel Treffen. A THING OF BEAUTY... Item 2 Description Item 3 Description Item 4 Description COVID-19 UPDATE: We are OPEN for business and following the safety guidelines provided by the Governor of Arizona. Please read our About Us page for more information. ASK ABOUT PRICE MATCHING! WE HAVE VW THING PROJECT CARS FOR SALE. Click on our EVENTS PAGE! VW Thing Type 181 Glove Box Doors are now in stock! Click here! VW Thing Type 181 Front and Rear Bumpers are now in stock! Click here! We have German made and non-German VW Thing Brake Drums in stock! Visit and like our Facebook Page to see photos of restored VW Thing cars FOR SALE and VW Thing restoration projects! We also post sales there. *** Half Price List *** For all orders of $1,000.00 or more you may purchase 1 of the items listed below for half price, orders of $2000.00 or more 2 items, $3000.00 or more 3 items, etc. * Day - Night Mirror Savings of $47.50 * Sun Visor Set Savings of $100.00 * Torsion Bars Set Savings of $45.00 * Kick Plate Set of 2 Savings of $35.00 * Side Curtain Bags Savings of $55.00 * Top Frame Cover Set Savings of $52.50 * Jack Clamp Savings of $8.00 SPECIALS OUTER LEFT AND RIGHT LONG ARM MIRROR SET REAR VIEW MIRROR DAY/NIGHT SUN VISOR HELLA BACK UP LIGHT BLACK BEST SELLERS GIFT CERTIFICATE STAINLESS STEEL SCREW, M8x15 STAINLESS STEEL SCREW, M6X10 SCREWS STAINLESS STEEL BODY CAP, NEW THING SHOP RUBBER BUFFER, REAR SEAT FENDER SPACER CLIP RUBBER RETAINER PLASTIC END CAPS 8MM PLUG - QUALITY REPLACEMENT Home About Us Site Map Account Login Policies Contact Us F.A.Q. Copyright 2019 LL Dustman, Inc. All Rights Reserved. This includes ALL CONTENT and IMAGES.)))->7
((U-Haul: Moving Truck Rental in Las Vegas, NV at Storage at Summerlin)((Yes, Were Open! U-Haul is here to help. Learn More.)((0 Sign in / look up order Locations Cart 0)(Trucks Trailers & Towing Trailers & Towing Back to Main Menu Start a Reservation Trailer Sizes & Types Vehicle Towing Equipment How to Videos Trailer & Towing Tips FAQs Hitches & Accessories U-Box Containers U-Box Containers Back to Main Menu What is U-Box? Delivery Options Popular Uses International Moves FAQs Container Dimensions Storage Storage Back to Main Menu Self-Storage at U-Haul Move-In Online Today! Climate Controlled Storage RV, Car & Boat Storage Self-Storage Size Guide Drive Up/Outdoor Storage Pay My Storage Bill FAQs Boxes & Packing Supplies Boxes & Packing Supplies Back to Main Menu Boxes Covers & Bags Locks Packing Supplies Rent Moving Boxes Rope & Tie Downs Shipping Boxes Tape Moving Labor Hitches & Accessories Hitches & Accessories Back to Main Menu Trailer Hitches Ball Mounts Bike Racks Cargo Carriers Hitch Balls Hitch Locks Trailer Wiring Propane Propane Back to Main Menu Propane Refill Grilling Accessories Grills & Smokers Portable Heaters Propane Tanks Tank Parts & Accessories Nevada NV Las Vegas 89128 Storage at Summerlin U-Haul Neighborhood Dealer View photos Address 7441 W Lake Mead Blvd Las Vegas, NV 89128 702 255-0097 Driving directions View website 2460 reviews Standard Hours Mon-Sat: 8 am - 5 pm Sun: 8 am - 3 pm Features 24 hour customer return Moving trucks Trailers & towing Self-storage Moving supplies Reviews Moving Truck Rental in Las Vegas, NV at Storage at Summerlin Moving to or from Las Vegas, NV 89128? Get FREE truck rental rate quotes at Storage at Summerlin. U-Haul rental trucks are specifically engineered from the ground up to assist moving families, not freight. Our moving trucks have more safety features than other moving trucks in the industry including gentle ride suspension and high visibility mirrors to assist the driver. Whether you are moving a smaller apartment or a large four-bedroom house, U-Haul truck rentals in Las Vegas, NV will provide you with the moving truck rental you need to get from point A to point B. Find the perfect size moving truck to assist with your move, U-Haul is home of the $19.95 rental truck! Get FREE moving truck, pickup truck and cargo van rental quotes at Storage at Summerlin Pick Up Location* Zip/Postal Code or City, State/Province Drop Off Location Optional Zip/Postal Code or City, State/Province Pick Up Date* Get Rates Pickups Small jobs Cargo vans Small jobs 10 truck Studio to 1 Bedroom Apt. 15 truck 1 Bedroom Home to 2 Bedroom Apt. 17 truck Home up to 2 bedrooms 20 truck 2 Bedroom Hometo 3 Bedroom Apt. 26 truck 3 Bedroom Home to 4 Bedroom Home Simply click on each moving truck shown above to view individual truck specs including: safety features, towing capacity, fuel economy and of course, the available space-per-truck size. Each rental truck is individually priced to help save you money, time and energy on your move to or from Las Vegas, NV. Cargo vans and pickup truck rentals in Las Vegas, NV U-Haul cargo van rentals and pickup trucks in Las Vegas, NV are perfect for home improvement projects, deliveries and other small loads. Rent cargo vans or pickups to save money on local moving or deliveries. Cargo van and pickup truck rentals are popular with local business, college students and smaller housing moves in Las Vegas, NV 89128. Our moving van rentals include air conditioning, rub rails to protect your belongings and come equipped with a hitch to tow a trailer rental. U-Haul is the home of the $19.95 cargo van rental in Las Vegas, NV, reserve a van for your moving needs from Storage at Summerlin! Features Interior rub rails in cargo vans Automatic transmission Air conditioning Gentle-Ride suspension Fuel-efficient V-8 SRS/air bags Customer Reviews Sort Storage Reviews By: Show All 0 First Impressions 0 Online Move-In 0 Overall Experience 0 Sort Reviews By: Newest to oldest Oldest to newest Highest to lowest rating Lowest to highest rating Daniel T. on 7/5/2020 Rating: I was impressed with the staff, they were helpful and knowledgeable as well friendly. Angelo S. on 7/4/2020 Rating: The staff were very helpful & nice. GUSTAVO AHMED C. on 7/3/2020 Rating: Everything was excellent. The only thing I would suggest is; perhaps make a note on the website or mobile app that explains how to share your location from your mobile device, in the event that the sharing option is disabled. I didnt know how to do it, the website wasnt letting me advance or telling me what was wrong, so I had to call customer service to ask. PAUL JOSEPH B. on 6/29/2020 Rating: OK Jessianne B. on 6/29/2020 Rating: Remember specific equipment that was ordered, like a dolley. donald B. on 6/29/2020 Rating: The young lady that assist me was very helpful courtesy and quick. I was in and out in less than 5 minutes. Kudos, to the whole team that was on duty Sunday 6-28 at 9:15 am. Great job ladies. You made my day and my business customer thank you. Sincerely Donald Battles Owner GODS MOVING HELPERS. Timothy S. on 6/28/2020 Rating: Had a call 10 minutes before reservation after being reserved for over several days, to say the vehicle requested was not available and would down grade me to a van with no discount. However After a short wait the vehicle was ready as requested an everything was perfect after that. THERESA J T. on 6/28/2020 Rating: I will be using this company again at this location,they were awesome HEATHER NICOLE A. on 6/26/2020 Rating: Quick and easy. Will be back to this location! CAROL LYNN V. on 6/23/2020 Rating: Very nice and efficient. I am a a person with little patience and they made the experience very easy. Samantha S. on 6/16/2020 Rating: I have no complaints. This move was made very easy because the way uhaul has everything set up. I will definitely use uhaul on my next moving trip. Thank you ! Patrick G. on 6/14/2020 Rating: Nothing. Top notch operation. Extremely helpful staff. Tiffany R. on 6/14/2020 Rating: Everything was great! I am was very happy with the equipment, the service, and the social distancing practices that were in place. Also, it was very nice to for the truck to have a full tank of gas upon picking it up. This just makes it easier. And, so nice to have a lock already on the back of the truck. You guys are awesome! Thanks! Karen L. on 6/11/2020 Rating: Why did you charge me for gas I put 5 gallons in and only drove it 34 miles . I have the Receipt . This is fraud . I dont have money to cover some like that especially since I put gas in it . I have the receipt. this thing gets more than 5 miles to the gallon Especially on HWY down 215 so I dont think this is correct. KATHLEEN M. on 6/11/2020 Rating: I had MANY issues with this reservation, which is wholly on U-Haul corporate and not this location. Their hands were tied - no help on Sundays from the corporate office. The number of phone calls and out-reaches I had to make is uncalled for. And, your social media folks need remedial training. First time Ive had such a horrible experience with U-Haul. This location was find. David C. on 6/7/2020 Rating: I was told by the person I made the reservation with that on one way moves u haul charges an automatic 4 day rate, that is ridiculous, what if youre only moving 200 miles to the adjacent state? I think its a rip off and will tell everyone who asks me so. It should be noted that I did not make arrangements with the people at either of these locations, but through u haul headquarters Wendi S. on 6/6/2020 Rating: I never rented from here!! I called to let them know that my email was associated with an incorrect rental. I even called them to let them know and they assured me it was corrected!! Obviously not since I now have received a copy of the receipt via email!!! REALLY! So IT WAS NOT TAKEN CARE OF!!! I live in GEORGIA!! I HAVE NOT been to las Vegas in 15 yrs!!!! J C M. on 5/31/2020 Rating: Parking Area for Customers is extra Small , maybe 6 spaces and so Small , its really difficult to drive this big Trucks in there, customers has to use Bussines Parking next to them. Waiting Time was almost 2 hours and the System was down so by the time i get to the desk then they let me know was only cash transactions because of that, after to hours in line. David S. on 5/30/2020 Rating: Service was excellent. Truck was beat and had broken a/c Ken K. on 5/28/2020 Rating: Great staff that answered all my questions as well as being very courteous! Peter S. on 5/26/2020 Rating: The whole experience was excellent and I would recommend your service and I would use it again. Thank you, Dodie D. on 5/24/2020 Rating: The mobile check in process took 45 minutes and two reps to complete. It was super frustrating. When we returned the truck there was no where to park it Jennifer C. on 5/19/2020 Rating: N/A the employees are always nice , i have used this location a few times. Jennifer David W. on 5/19/2020 Rating: Have all employees wear face covering. MICHAEL S. on 5/18/2020 Rating: Over the years I have always had a positive experience with U-Haul locations I have dealt with. This one was no exception No reviews have been submitted for this location. View more reviews Other nearby rental locations U-Haul Moving & Storage at Rainbow Blvd 2450 N Rainbow BlvdLas Vegas, NV 89108 702 645-7544 Smoke Ranch Rd Driving directions 2141 reviews All Storage North Rancho 3290 N Rancho DrLas Vegas, NV 89130 U-Haul Neighborhood Dealer 702 396-1610 Cheyenne Ave Driving directions 248 reviews Grind Mode Arco 2901 N Rancho DrLas Vegas, NV 89130 U-Haul Neighborhood Dealer 702 800-4609 Driving directions 79 reviews U-Haul Moving & Storage at N Rancho Dr 3969 N Rancho DrLas Vegas, NV 89130 702 656-7044 N Rancho and N Jones Driving directions 9927 reviews View more locations in 89128 View more locations in Las Vegas, NV BackTo Top Live Chat Your Opinion Matters Thank you for chatting with us today! We are always looking to improve our service. Your opinions and feedback are very important to us! Please help us with a review of your recent experience. The following survey should take you no longer than 60 seconds to complete. Rate Experience Contact Us 1-800-GO-U-HAUL 1-800-468-4285 FAQ Tips Franais Espaol Products & Services Moving Truck & Cargo Van Rentals Trailer & Towing Hitches & Accessories Self-Storage Units U-Box Moving & Storage Containers Boxes & Packing Supplies Moving Labor Propane & Grilling Collegeboxes Student Storage & Shipping Dollies & Furniture Pad Rentals Damage coverage Business Rentals & Storage Reusable Plastic Moving Boxes Used Truck Sales Patriot Truck Leasing Storage Management Software Gift Certificates Company Information Amerco About U-Haul Media Relations Corporate Sustainability U-Haul Blog U-Haul Investors Club Contact Us Social Media Directory SuperGraphics Accessibility U-Haul Careers Career Opportunities Partner With Us Become a Dealer Affiliates Storage Advertising Purchasing & Buying Business Accounts Service Provider/Vendor Your Order My Account Payments U-Haul News: Moving Safely and Smartly during the COVID-19 Pandemic Facebook Icon Instagram Icon Pinterest Icon Wordpress Icon Twitter Icon YouTube Icon This website is owned and operated by Web Team Associates, Inc. Copyright 2020 U-Haul International, Inc. All rights reserved. U-Haul International, Inc. trademarks and copyrights are used under license by Web Team Associates, Inc. Air-Cushioned Ride Arbitration Privacy Policy Complete Legal Terms Copyright Takedown Policy U-Haul Locations uhaul.com ALL - 07.08.2020 at 10.49 - from 1.324.0 Download the U-Haul App))))->0
(( Target Richland Twp North Store, Gibsonia, PA)(skip to main contentskip to footerLoading, please wait...CategoriesWomenMenYoung AdultKidsShoesBabyHomePatio & GardenFurnitureKitchen & DiningToysElectronicsVideo GamesMovies, Music & BooksSports & OutdoorsBeautyPersonal CareHealthHousehold EssentialsPetsGroceryLuggageSchool & Office SuppliesParty SuppliesBullseyes PlaygroundClearanceHoliday ShopTarget FindsWhats NewDealsClearanceWeekly AdTop DealsRedCard ExclusivesTarget Circle OffersRegistryMore OptionsRedCardNext Day DeliveryGift CardsFind Stores FavoritesPharmacySubscriptionsWhats NewYour recommendationsGet it fastDrive UpOrder PickupFree 2-Day ShippingSame Day DeliveryNext Day DeliveryMenuCategoriesDealsWhats NewSame DaySame Day Deliverymy accountcart 0 itemsRegistryWeekly AdRedCardGift CardsFind StoresOrders FavoritesMoreOrdersAccount informationA coronavirus update for our guests & teamView the latest on our store health & safety plans. Learn more Richland Twp Northsearch for a different storeStore infocovid-19 guidelinesOrdinance requires a face coveringavailable fulfillment optionsPickupDrive UpDelivery550 Grandview Crossing Dr, Gibsonia, PA 15044-7105 724 799-2237Reserved for vulnerable guestsTue8:00 am - 9:00 amWed8:00 am - 9:00 amStore hoursSat8:00 am - 10:00 pmSun8:00 am - 9:00 pmMon8:00 am - 10:00 pmTue8:00 am - 10:00 pmWed8:00 am - 10:00 pmThu8:00 am - 10:00 pmFri8:00 am - 10:00 pmweekly admake it my storeServices with Special HoursCVS pharmacyOther ServicesStarbucksOrdinance requires a face coveringWere making shopping easier & safer during this difficult timeNon-contact shopping optionsGet your order quickly and safely, no signature required.Same Day DeliveryHave groceries, essentials and more left at your door by a Shipt shopper.Learn moreDrive UpOrder with the Target app and well load it into your car.Learn moreOrder PickupOrder ahead and well have it waiting for you at the store.Learn moreWere making shopping easier & safer during this difficult timeNon-contact shopping optionsGet your order quickly and safely, no signature required.Same Day DeliveryHave groceries, essentials and more left at your door by a Shipt shopper.Drive UpOrder with the Target app and well load it into your car.Order PickupOrder ahead and well have it waiting for you at the store.Learn moreLearn moreLearn moreNearby StoresMcCandless105 Blazier Dr, Pittsburgh, PA 15237-6039Open today: 8:00 am - 10:00 pm412-369-9411store infomake it my storeCranberry1717 Route 228, Cranberry Twp, PA 16066-5312Open today: 8:00 am - 10:00 pm724-778-9000store infomake it my storeRoss Township4801 McKnight Rd Ste 3, Pittsburgh, PA 15237-3423Open today: 8:00 am - 10:00 pm412-536-1807store infomake it my store *See offer details. Restrictions apply. Pricing, promotions and availability may vary by location and at Target.com.HelpShipping & DeliveryReturnsTrack OrdersSize ChartsContact UsFeedbackAccessibilitySee All HelpHelpStoresFind a StoreClinicOpticalPharmacyPhoto CenterStoresAppsTarget for iOSTarget for AndroidGift Registry for iOSGift Registry for AndroidAppsSocialPinterestFacebookInstagramTwitterYoutubeSocialMoreRedCardEmailsCareersAdvertise With UsSubscriptionsBullseye ShopNews & BlogCorporate ResponsibilityInvestor RelationsPressroomAffiliatesSuppliersTeam Member ServicesDermstore.comMoreThe latest on our store health and safety plansRecallsTermsInterest-Based AdsCA Privacy RightsCA Supply Chain ActPrivacyUpdated 7/2020Do Not Sell My Info - CA Resident Only & 2020 Target Brands, Inc.))->2
(( Food In The Beaches | Fearless Meat | Ontario)( BURGERS, SANDWICHES, SPECIALS& SIDES TAKE-OUT or EAT-IN LOCALLY OWNED and OPERATED884 KINGSTON RD. TORONTO, ONTARIO, CANADA M4E 1S3 T: 647-484-4488AVOID THE RUSHORDER ONLINE & CATERINGTender As A Butchers HeartHOMEABOUT USMENUORDER ONLINEFEARLESS MERCHANDISEFEARLESS MEAT ACADEMYFEARLESS MEAT VIDEOSLOCATION & CONTACTMOREFearless Meat shall be reopening Wednesday June 24 at 10:30 AM We thank everyone for their support and we look forward to serving you again. We have new hours during this time. Stay Safe ABOUT USABOUT US 100% CERTIFIED ANGUSBEEF BURGERSOur Angus Beef Burgers are made without any fillerMADE FRESH DAILY FOR YOUR CULINARYENJOYMENTOur customers, community, and commitment to qualityare our top prioritiesFearless Meat AtFearless Prices THE ONLY TIME TO EAT DIET FOOD IS WHILE YOURE WAITNG FOR THE STEAK TO COOK.David Brown, Founder of Fearless Meat Barbecuing for Julia Child and 200 of her friends Sakhonnet Vineyard, Newport, Rhode Island 1993 Julia ChildFEARLESS PHOTOSLOCATION & CONTACTEMAIL: fearlessmeat2@gmail.com TELEPHONE: 647-484-4488Click Here To Order From UBEREATSAll Our Packing isBiodegradableClick Here To Order Directly From Us Same Fearless PricesFEARLESS MEAT 884 KINGSTON RD.,TORONTO ONTARIO, CANADA M4E 1S3 HOURS: MONDAY FRIDAY 10:30 AM 9:00 PM SATURDAY11:00 AM 9:00 PM SUNDAY 11AM - 8PM LIMITED PARKING IN BACK FOR CUSTOMERS 2018 by Fearless Meat. Proudly created with Wix.com))->8
((403 Forbidden)((Forbidden)(You don have permission to access /webapp/wcs/stores/servlet/en/lcbo on this server.)( IBM_HTTP_Server at www.lcbo.com Port 443)))->8
( The domain is currently being worked on and will be live soon.)->6
(Not Acceptable! Not Acceptable!An appropriate representation of the requested resource could not be found on this server. This error was generated by Mod_Security.)->8
((Home - Fitness NATION)((Email: info@gofitnessnation.com Call Us: 905-624-2348 BFIT)(Menu Skip to content HOME ABOUT NATION TEAM BOOTCAMPS NATION BOOTCAMP NATION BOXING STRENGTH & CONDITIONING NATION KICK BOXING PERSONAL TRAINING Personal Training and Small Group Training YOUTH CONDITIONING Team Training / Youth conditioning SCHEDULE PRICING NEWS LOCATIONS Gallery CONTACT)(LETS GET ONE THING STRAIGHT. WE ARE DIFFERENT. Were inspired, passionate and driven by your success. Were not a traditional gym; in fact were a bit irreverent in our approach. Our entire concept is founded on building a nation a place of belonging with a shared sense of purpose. We believe that fitness is a lifestyle, not something that is bought, borrowed, boxed or canned. And we know that in order to create motivated clients they need to be having fun and seeing results. We build future champions! "Were fanatical about instilling confidence, strength and focus in young athletes. So, weve built one of the most successful youth sports training programs available today" - Thomas Edison BUY NOW Latest News Coming Wednesday evenings to Oakville : Boxing Bootcamp 7pm Fitness Nation - 6 Week Challenge! The Youth Conditioning Bootcamp! Follow the NATION on Social Media! Contests and prizes starting soon! CYBER MONDAY/BLACK FRIDAY SPECIAL!!!! The Team MARC LEBERTOwner / Trainer ExtraordnaireMarc Lebert is co-owner of Fitness Nation and also owner of Lebert Fitness Inc, a Taekwondo Black Belt who has competed at,...DONOVAN PRENDERGASTCo-owner / Instructor / Personal TrainerIf you do what youve always done, you will get what youve always gotten. Yes, were channeling Donovan,...ROGER MAKHLOUFPartner/Instructor/Personal trainerIf there were ever someone born as Mr. Fitness,CHARLENE WONGResults CoachCharlene has an extensive dance background...... BOOTCAMPS NATION BOOTCAMP View Detail NATION BOXING View Detail STRENGTH & CONDITIONING View Detail NATION KICKBOXING View Detail Our ProgressGoals ReachedCalories BurnedSatisfied MembersTraining Sessions Nadine I am a very busy mom who loves sports. I am so busy that I cant be part of any sport team but doing the Fitness Nation bootcamps are like being part of a big team! Read more Graeme Im 28 years old and I love sports, travel, music, and technology. I heard about Fitness Nation through my co-workers as we work very close by and were excited about the opportunity for lunch time Read more Daniela I am an executive assistant, married for 27 years, have two daughters living at home and have a very busy family and social life. I did a search of all bootcamp type fitness centers in Mississauga and found Fitness Read more Anna Anna writes I am a 46 year old female mother of 2 teenagers, 16 and 18. I have been with my husband since grade 9 and we have been married for 24 years. I work full time as a registered nurse. Read more Ashfaq Ashfaq writes I am 38 years old with a desk job Hitting the keyboard is the only workout I get at work . Love to eat buffets and anything in dessert.How did you hear about fitness NATION? Read more Soccer Player Heres a man of few words, but when those words include awesome, great and so much more strength, its OK. With just a few weeks of Fitness Nations Read more Maddie When Maddie spoke to us she had been working out at Fitness Nation for almost 9 months and was still seeing results every day. One thing that she, and many other FN members like Read more Morgan Morgan was one of Fitness Nations first mini interviewees. Besides having fun and enjoying her workouts she has been rewarded with a weight loss of 8 pounds in only two months. Read more SUBSCRIBE TO OUR MAILING LIST Name Email * COMMUNITY LINKS & INFOPersonal Training and Small Group Training NATION TEAM Team Training / Youth conditioning TESTIMONIALS LOCATIONS CONTACT US SPECIAL EVENTS BOXING GLOVES All the old boxing gloves will soon be REPLACED! Woohoo! You can grab your own pair at the front desk for $50. HOW CAN WE HELP Please call one of our Results Coaches to schedule an appointment: 905-624-2348 BFIT sales@gofitnessnation.com Location 991 Matheson Blvd East Unit 11, Mississauga, Ontario, L4W 2V3 Telephone: 905-624-2348 BFIT Email: info@gofitnessnation.com COPYRIGHT Fitness Nation Mississauga Fitness Centres. | DESIGNED BY : D4info Inc.)))->1
(( Pioneer Community Park | City of Peoria)( Please enable JavaScript in your browser for a better user experience. Show/Hide NOTICE: City of Peoria Recovery Plan: Phase One begins May 16th. View COVID-19 Updates and Resources. June 19th: Mayor Carlat issues proclamation for facial coverings effective June 22 June 30th: Peoria Temporarily Closes Recreation and Community Centers City of Peoria Home Menu Search Go Services Close Service Finder Search Services Search: Most Popular Services By Department All Departments City Clerk Office Development and Engineering Finance and Budget Fire-Medical Neighborhood and Human Services Parks, Recreation, and Community Facilities Police Public Works Water Services By Category All Categories City Services Code Compliance Community Assistance Development Services Fire-Medical Department Libraries Other Services Parks, Recreation and Community Facilities Police Department Solid Waste Transportation Water Services Search Services Animal Control Animal Control 623 773-8311 View More Animals-Dead Animal Pickup Animals-Dead Animal Pickup 623 773-7431 View More Backflow Prevention Backflow Prevention 623 773-8444 View More Barking Dog Hotline Barking Dog Hotline 623 773-7040 View More Block Watch Block Watch 623 773-7099 View More Blue Stake Blue Stake Dial 811 or call 602 659-7500 View More Code Compliance 24-hour Complaint Line Code Compliance 24-hour Complaint Line 623 773-7226 View More Customer Service Customer Service Call 623 773-7160 View More Elections Elections 623 773-7340 View More Emergency Home Repair Program Emergency Home Repair Program 623 773-7667 View More Engineering Inspection Request Line Engineering Inspection Request Line 623 773-8445 View More Fire Non-Emergency Fire Non-Emergency 623 773-7279 View More Fire Prevention Fire Prevention 623 773-7275 View More Graffiti Removal Hotline Graffiti Removal Hotline 623 773-7094 View More HOA Contact Info & Registration HOA Contact Info & Registration 623 773-5140 View More Human Services Human Services 623 773-7070 View More Neighborhood Grant Program Neighborhood Grant Program 623 773-5140 View More Notary Notary 623 773-7340 View More Planning Inspection Request Planning Inspection Request Schedule a planning inspection online View More Police Non-Emergency Number Police Non-Emergency Number 623 773-8311 View More Recreation Programs Recreation Programs 623 773-7137 View More Solid Waste - Customer Service Solid Waste - Customer Service 623 773-7160 View More Street Repair Request Street Repair Request 623 773-7432 View More Tool Lending Center Tool Lending Center 623 773-7667 View More Traffic Control Request Line Traffic Control Request Line 623 773-7878 View More Traffic Hotline Traffic Hotline 623 773-7020 View More Transit Dial-A-Ride Transit Dial-A-Ride 623 773-7435 View More Trash & Recycling Service Trash & Recycling Service 623 773-7160 View More Trash/Recycle Container Replacement Trash/Recycle Container Replacement 623 773-7431 View More Utility Billing & Start/Stop Service Utility Billing & Start/Stop Service 623 773-7160 View More Victim Resources Victim Resources 623 773-7414 View More Water Conservation Rebates Water Conservation Rebates 623 773-7861 View More Water Leaks Water Leaks 623 773-7160 View More Water Leaks - After Hours Emergency Water Leaks - After Hours Emergency 623 245-5201 View More Water Payment Assistance Program Water Payment Assistance Program 623 773-7667 View More Water Quality Water Quality 623 773-8467 View More Xeriscape Information Xeriscape Information 623-773-7286 View More Graffiti Removal Hotline 623 773-7094 View More HomeResidentsAbout PeoriaPeorias HistoryVision, Mission, and ValuesSustainabilityBuilding Permits and InfoCOVID-19 InformationCustomer Service and Utility BillingNeighborhoodsCode ComplianceCommunity AssistanceReport A Crime OnlineReport an IssueSafety ProgramsWater RebatesNewsroomEvent CalendarWatch Peoria TVParks and RecreationAfter School ProgramsParks and TrailsRecreation ProgramsRecreation FacilitiesLibrariesPeoria Sports ComplexArts & TheaterCommunity CenterRentalsSpecial EventsFire-MedicalPeoria SUPPORT ServicesPolice DepartmentPublic MeetingsBoard and Commission MeetingsCity Council MeetingsTrash and RecyclingTransportationVolunteer in Peoria BusinessAuction of City PropertyBids and RFPsCity InfrastructureReport an IssueStreetsTransportationWaterDevelopment ServicesCustomer Comment FormDevelopment Services e-NewsOnline ServicesPlanning and ZoningPlan Review and PermitsFees and Financial InformationCity Codes and RegulationsInspectionsEconomic DevelopmentPremier Development SitesFilm and Media Production OfficeWorkforce DataGeoSpatial HubMapsMaster PlansSales Tax and LicensingSmall Business Task ForceGovernmentAmericans with Disabilities Act ADA City LawCity CharterCity CodeMayor and City CouncilMayor Cathy CarlatAcacia District - Vicki HuntIronwood District - Bill PatenaMesquite District - Bridget BinsbacherPalo Verde District - Michael FinnPine District - Denette DunnWillow District - Jon EdwardsCouncil District MapRedistrictingCity Council VideosDistrict Shred EventsDepartmentsCity AttorneyCity Clerks OfficeCity CourtCity ManagerDevelopment and EngineeringEconomic DevelopmentFinance and BudgetFire-MedicalHuman ResourcesIntergovernmental AffairsNeighborhood and Human ServicesOffice of CommunicationsParks, Recreation and Community FacilitiesPlanning and ZoningPolicePublic WorksReal Estate Development OfficeWater ServicesI Want To...Apply for or RequestBoards and CommissionsFilm in PeoriaInspectionsJob OpportunitiesPermitsSewer Fee AppealTrash Container RepairUtility Payment AssistanceContact the CityDepartment Contact ListEmergency NumbersContact the City by E-MailPayAMPM - Child CareBusiness LicenseSales TaxTraffic TicketUtility BillSign up, Submit, or RequestAnimal ControlCity Code ViolationCoaching SportsE-Mail News ListHOA AcademyLibrary CardPublic RecordsRecreation ProgramsRestraining OrderSubmit a Crime ReportWater and Sewer ServicesFind, learn, or view about...Business OpportunitiesElectionsEnvironmental ResourcesFestivals and EventsImpact FeesParks and TrailsPeorias Leadership InstitutePeorias Past and PresentRecyclingSports ComplexTransportation OptionsVictim ResourcesView City BudgetVisiting and TourismWater Conservation RebatesServices Jump to subpage... Americans with Disabilities Act ADA City Law+City CharterCity CodeMayor and City Council+Mayor Cathy Carlat+Mayor Carlat BiographyMayors Newsroom+Your City Your MayorPeoria InsiderPeoria PulseProclamationsState of the City AddressContact the MayorAcacia District - Vicki Hunt+Vicki Hunt BiographyAcacia District MapAcacia District E-AlertsAcacia District Photo GalleryIronwood District - Bill Patena+Bill Patena BiographyIronwood District E-AlertsIronwood District Photo GalleryMesquite District - Bridget Binsbacher+Bridget Binsbacher BiographyMesquite District MapMesquite District E-AlertsMesquite Photo GalleryMesquite Video GalleryPalo Verde District - Michael Finn+Michael Finn BiographyPalo Verde District MapPalo Verde District E-AlertsPalo Verde Photo GalleryPine District - Denette Dunn+Hometown HeroesPine District MapPine District E-AlertsWillow District - Jon Edwards+Jon Edwards BiographyWillow District MapWillow District E-AlertsWillow District Photo GalleryCouncil District MapRedistrictingCity Council VideosDistrict Shred EventsDepartments-City Attorney+CivilCriminalClaims Management and InsuranceCity Charter+City Charter ArchiveCity CodeLegal Information and AssistanceVictim Assistance+Victim Services SurveyCity Attorney OpinionsContact ListCity Clerks Office+Public NoticesCity Council Meetings+Public Notice Regarding Peoria City Council Meetings Updated June 22, 2020.City Council SubcommitteesE-AlertsBoards and Commissions+Apply Today!VacanciesResourcesE-AlertsPublic Records+Public Records RequestElections+Election and Candidate InformationCommittee RecordsEarly VotingUpcoming Election DatesElection HistoryCandidate FormsBallot Argument Online FormVoter Education ResourcesLobbyist FormsElecciones+Eleccin e informacin del candidatoComites PoliticosInformacin sobre Votacin TempranaFechas de Elecciones Informacion de Elecciones AnteriorFormas2020 Recursos de Educacin para el VotantePublic Safety Personnel Retirement System Local Boards ElectionCity Court+Pay Traffic FinesDefensive DrivingOrders of ProtectionOffensesRecords RequestResourcesFormsCourt FAQAbout UsCity Manager+CM Jeff TyneDCM Andrew GrangerDCM Erik StrunkDCM Katie GregoryPeorias Vision, Mission and ValuesDiversity and InclusionDevelopment and Engineering+CIP Overview Meetings+Registration FormDevelopment Services CenterImpact FeesMonthly ReportsTraffic Engineering+Traffic CountsTransportationWireless Communication Facilities+FAQEconomic DevelopmentFinance and Budget+Community Facilities District+Vistancia CFDVistancia West CFDCustomer Service and Utilities+Start or Stop Utility ServicesPay BillSewer Fee AppealWater Meter ReplacementFinancial Reports and Other InformationManagement and BudgetMaterials Management+Term ContractsAuction of City PropertyStaff DirectorySales Tax and License+Business LicensesTax Rates & BrochuresSales Tax ReturnsFire-Medical+Ambulance ServiceDocument LibraryOperations Division+Fire Station LocationsSpecial Operations and TrainingStandard Operating ProceduresEmergency Medical Services +Emergency Medical Paramedics Awards and DistinctionsCPR and First AIDMoving ForwardFire Prevention +FireworksCommunity Outreach+Emergency Medical Service SubscriptionSenior Programs+Lock Box ProgramSmoke Alarm System ProgramSchool ProgramsCar Seat SafetyRide Along ProgramSafety TipsRecruitment+Cadet ProgramWho We AreHistoryContact Us+NewsroomEmergency Preparedness Human Resources+Benefits+Officer Craig Tiger Act InformationEmployment+Internal Job OpportunitiesJob DescriptionsNew Hire InformationEmployment PoliciesFAQOur CultureVolunteer and Internship OpportunitiesIntergovernmental AffairsNeighborhood and Human Services+Arts+Arts CommissionCelebration of ArtistsCity Art GalleriesEvent CalendarPeoria Center for the Performing ArtsPublic ArtShakespeare in the ParkCode Compliance+Report a Code ViolationCommon ViolationsAbandoned Shopping CartsResourcesReport GraffitiCommunity Assistance+Assistance Programs+Tool Lending CenterHOAs and Neighborhoods+Neighborhood Registration Human Services+PanhandlingResource CenterUnited Community Action NetworkNot-for-Profit Grant OpportunitiesFederal Programs & InformationFestivals and Special Events+Spring TrainingUpcoming EventsHost a Special event - ApplicationPartnership OpportunitiesVendor InformationFamily and Youth Programs+Active AdultsAdaptive Recreation ADA Before/After School Programs+AM/PM Before & After School CareAM/PM Frequently Asked QuestionsBreak CampsKRASHLil LearnersAM/PM Before & After School Care - Academy of Math and ScienceAM/PM AMAS Frequently Asked QuestionsField TripsSummer Programs+Summer CampsSummer Camp Fee Change FormSummer Recreation - Drop InTeen ProgramsOffice of Communications+Brand and Identity+Prickly PeteCensus 2020Censo 2020Channel 11+Watch OnlinePeoria DishMedia InquiriesMedia KitNewsroom+NewslettersPeoria Leadership InstitutePeoria ReporterSocial Media+Social Media PolicyParks, Recreation and Community Facilities-LibrariesParks and Trails-Rio Vista Community Park+SkateparkPioneer Community ParkPaloma Community ParkParks MapTrailsDog ParksPark RulesRight-of-Way Landscape Potential ProblemVolunteerRecreation Facilities+Community CenterRio Vista+Holiday HoursPass Holder AmenitiesPurchase A PassSilver SneakersSpecial InterestsFacility RentalsFacility Rentals FAQVolunteer at Rio VistaScholarshipPeoria Center for Performing ArtsRecreation Programs+AquaticsHome HangoutsSpecialty ClassesSpecial EventsSports+Adult SportsYouth SportsRecPlace FAQRentalsSports ComplexVeterans Memorial+Memorial WallHonor WallHonor Wall ApplicationVietnam Veterans Memorial Plaza+Contribution FormBoard MembersContact UsPlanning and Zoning+Development SummaryGeneral Plan UpdateHistoric Preservation+Peorias History+Timeline 1880s to 1899 Timeline 1900 to 1929 Timeline 1929 to 1939 Timeline 1939 to Early 1950s Timeline 1954 to Mid 1970s Timeline Late 1970s to 1990s Timeline New Millennium Historic Preservation Document LibraryPermit Applications and Process GuidesPlanned Area DevelopmentsPlanning MapsPublicationsZoning OrdinancePlanning & Zoning FAQsDocument LibraryPlanning and Zoning VideosPlanning Dept. ContactsPolice+Online Services and Information+Alarm System RegistrationAnimal ControlAnnual ReportsCustomer Satisfaction SurveyProperty & Evidence UnitFAQsIdentity TheftImpounded Vehicle Obtain Police RecordsPrescription Drug Collection ProgramSubmit A Commendation or Complaint+Commendation & Complaint FormPeoria Police Jobs+Police Officer RecruitPolice Officer LateralCivilian Professional Staff JobsMinimum Qualifications for Police OfficersMinimum Qualifications for Civilian Professional Staff JobsBackground FormsAsk a Recruiter Online Reporting+Report A Crime OnlineSubmit A TipVictim ResourcesCommunity Relations Programs+Block Party/Street ClosureCitizens Police AcademyCitizens Ride Along ProgramCoffee with a CopCommunity Emergency Notification SystemCrime BulletinsCrime ReportsCrime ShieldExplorer ProgramNeighborhood Block WatchMotorcycle Safety ClassPark Watch ProgramSafe-Cam ProgramVacation Watch Program+Vacation Watch RequestVolunteer ProgramYouth Citizen AcademyContact Peoria Police+AdministrationNewsroomPublic Works+Solid Waste+Bulk Trash Cleanup ProgramCommercial ServicesHousehold Hazardous Waste+Household Hazardous Waste Appointment RequestHousehold Hazardous Waste SurveyHoliday Trash Collection ScheduleLarge Item Pickup/Disposal & LandfillsRecycling in PeoriaSolid Waste Container Repair RequestSolid Waste FAQTrash & Recycling ServicesStreets+Street ImprovementsStreet Repair RequestTransportation+Autonomous ShuttleDial a RideFixed Bus RoutesPeoria on the GoReal Estate Development OfficeWater Services+Water FAQWater Utilities Distribution - Shut Down Request FormEnvironmental Resources+Stormwater QualityBackflow PreventionFats, Oils, and GreaseWater Resources and Quality+Water Quality ReportsSustainability & Water Conservation+Conservation+Fusion Xeriscape GardenRebate ProgramsSustainability+Sustainable UniversityReclaimed WaterOdor Reporting Government Departments Parks, Recreation and Community Facilities Parks and Trails Pioneer Community Park Print Feedback Share & Bookmark Press Enter to show all options, press Tab go to next option Email Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Reddit Font Size: + - Pioneer Community Park is an 83 acre park located near the southeast corner of 83rd Ave and Olive Ave in Peoria. The park features many amenities for Peoria residents and their families including baseball fields and multi-purpose fields, a dog park, and a 5-acre urban lake stocked with fish. The park is also home to a large public art installation, "Forge" by Thomas Sayre, which is visible from 83rd Ave. *** NOTICE *** All park and trail amenities, with the exception of splash pads, are open for groups of ten or less. Court lights are operational at dusk. We are accepting ramada and field reservations for groups of ten or less. All individuals should maximize physical distance from others when in public spaces. Avoid social settings of more than 10, where appropriate distancing is not practical. Read more about the city three-phase reopening plan. Park Location and Hours 8755 N. 83rd Ave., Peoria, AZ 85345 Daily, 6 a.m. - 10:30 p.m. Park Amenities Park Amenities Map Six Lighted Ball Fields Four Lighted Multipurpose Fields Dog Park 5 acre Urban Lake - Fishing Permit Required AZ Community Fishing Program Picnic Ramadas and Barbecue Grills Shaded Playground/Swing sets Splash Pad Heritage Court for small events Reservations Ramadas To reserve a Ramada in Pioneer Community Park, call 623-773-7137 Monday-Thursday, 7am-6pm or Rio Vista Recreation center at 623-773-8600. For fee and availability information, please visit the Parks and Trails page. Ramadas 1-6: max occupancy is 35 each | Ramadas 7-11: max occupancy is 25 each Heritage Garden Peoria Residents: $40/hr Non-Residents: $50/hr Sports Fields Please call 623-773-7137 for rates & availability Free Speech Areas PDF Splash Pad The Pioneer Park splash pad is open seasonally from April 15 through October 15. Hours are 10 a.m. to 8 p.m. Urban Fishing Program A class U Urban Fishing License is required to fish in the pond. Fishing pond is open during park hours only. 6 a.m. - 10 p.m. Licenses can be purchased from the Arizona Game and Fish Department online or at more than 300 license dealers statewide. Fish Species Max. Number of Fish per Day Trout 4 1 for unlicensed child Channel Catfish 4 Large Bass 2 must be 13-inch min. length Sunfish 10 White Amur 1 must be 30-inch min. length City of Peoria8401 W. Monroe St.Peoria, AZ 85345 Contact Us 623 773-7000 Employee Login Home Employment Accessibility Privacy Policy / Terms of Use Sitemap Contact Us Website Design by Granicus - Connecting People and Government View Full Site))->5
